1 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Street Bob sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission, and can rach 130 Nm peak torque at only 3000 rpm. This cruiser comes with a Hard Candy Custom large metal flake paint scheme, a blacked-out console, fuel tank medallions and technologies such as <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, and the H-D Smart Security System. In addition, it offers a higher level of comfort thanks to the mid-mounted controls and the adjustable rear suspension.", 
2 "The House of Milwaukee has designed the 2016 MY Harley Davidson Low Rider for the most nostalgic among Harley fans, but without excluding the younger population, it retaining an overall modern look. Lace-spoked, chromed wheels, a black console with a speedometer and a tachometer, a chromed two-into-one exhaust system, as well as a two-tone paint remind of the classic American power cruisers. 


At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission, that reaches its peak torque of 126 Nm at 3500 rpm.", 
3 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Wide Glide sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission and can produce 132 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. It comes with a drag-style handlebar, lace-spoked wheels, a clear rear fender, optional fuel tank flame graphics, wide triple clamps and forks, a wire sissy bar and blacked-out rims plus a 21" front wheel. Technology-wise, it comes with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard and an H-D Smart Security System. ", 
4 "If you are a rider on the market for a bulky, aggressive and powerful American cruiser, it doesn't get much better than the 2016 MY Harley Davidson Fat Bob. At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission that produces 132 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. Other features include a tommy gun exhaust system, an overall blacked-out finish, an aggressive front end, diagonal racing stripe graphics on the fuel tank, blacked machined aluminium slotted disc wheels, and dual front chromed headlamps with black trim rings.", 
5 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Switchback sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 engine paired to a six-speed manual transmission, that produces 126 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. Key features are the inverted cartridge forks in the front, which increase rider comfort and also maneuverability, a detachable windscreen, which offers increased protection against the elements, and the full wrap fenders which highlight its 70's cruiser DNA.", 
6 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Street Bob sports an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103, capable of producing an asphalt-crunching 130 Nm, all in a package that screams "Harley Davidson". Fuel tank medallions, mini ape-hanger medallions, blacked-out engine accents with chrome embellishments, blacked-out rims with lace steel spokes, a bobber powertrain and air cover, plus the Hard Candy Custom paint, found only in House Milwaukee motorcycles, all add a personal touch, almost one-of-a-kind, but with an accessible price tag. ", 
7 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Low Rider is a motorcycle that successfully combines classic, 70's, good-looks with 21st century technology, and the result is spectacular indeed. Not only is it a looker, it is a doer also, powered by an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam engine, capable of producing an impressive 126 Nm of torque, more than enough for a cruiser that "walks on the tire-tracks" of the classic 70's American two-wheelers. With styling features such as chunky mag wheels, chromed and blacked-out engine accents, two-tone paint schemes, a two-into-one chromed exhaust, plus a tank-mounted instrumentation, you can be sure that if you become the lucky owner of this awesome machine, it won't disappoint you, visually or performance-wise. ", 
8 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Wide Glide is especially addressed for custom chopper fans, but with a limited budget. If you become the lucky owner of this awesome machine, you get chopper looks and feel, with a rather low price tag, combined with all the latest MoCo technologies. Visually, the balck, wire sissy bar, the tank flame graphics, the beefy front fork and triple clamps, plus the blacked-out rims, offer an authentic chopper look, which is sure to make this bike stand out from the flock in any gathering. Performance-wise, it sports an asphalt-crunching, air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103, that produces 132 Nm.", 
9 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Fat Bob is a bit of a paradox, trying to mimic the classic "bobber" style, which it succeeds, except that all of its components are big and fat. The front end is wide and fat, the handlebar is inspired from drag racers, even the headlamp is dual, but, somehow, the machine still succeeds to remind us of the classic bobbers. Performance-wise, it sports an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103 which produces 132 Nm of torque, mated to a six-speed manual transmission. ", 
10 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Switchback sports an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103 poweplant which produces an asphalt-crunching 126 Nm of torque, more than enough to make this middle-weight race past other vehicles on the motorway and, thanks to MoCo's smart engine mapping, provide enough grunt to climb even the most steep mountain roads with ease and without the hassle of downshifting. 


Some key features like the adjustable cigar tube rear shocks, cartridge front fork, the full wrap front fender and the full-length rider floorboards give it a classic, House Milwaukee look, but, somehow, it still has a modern feel to it, as all 21st century two-wheelers should have. ", 
11 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Street Bob brings forth one of the most simple yet, at the same time, desirable cruisers from the MoCo. Sporting an air-cooled, 1585cc Twin Cam 96 engine mated to a dependable six-speed manual transmission, you can be sure this machine has what it takes to get you to your destination, and do this in style. Technologies such as <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard and the  adjustable rear shocks help the rider get out from tight situations and ensure a plush ride.


In the visual department, it has lots of features that give it an unique, classic bobber look, like the mini ape-hanger handlebar, the powertrain and air cover, plus fuel tank medallions. Also, being a true 21st century machine, it has a more aggressive, edgier look, thanks to the blacked-out accents on the engine and fork.", 
12 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Low Rider sports an 1690cc, air-cooled Twin Cam 103 powerplant that produces a gut-crunching 126 Nm of torque. Classic MoCo looks and style are found on this machine, with steel laced wheels, a 2-into-1 exhaust, and, of course, lots of chrome, found all over the bike, from the front to the rear. In the safety department, it comes with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, so braking on capricious road conditions has never been safer. 


In the aesthetics department, as all House Milwaukee machines, it has a custom finish to its paint scheme, which on this particular model, is a Vivid Black one. But, optionally, one can choose a more lush two-tone paint scheme, available in Brilliant Silver and Vivid Black or Amber Whiskey and Vivid Black.", 
13 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Wide Glide sports an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103 powerhouse that produces an asphalt-wrinkling 132 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. This machine successfully combines classic, 60's cruiser features with all the perks of a modern-built bike. Riders who are fans of the 60's choppers will appreciate the black, wire-thin passenger grab rail, the beefy triple clamps and fork, large blacked-out rims with lace spokes, a clean rear fender plus the drag style handle bar.


When it comes to 21st century technology, it comes with the best MoCO has to offer, with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, adjustable rear suspension, and Michelin Scorcher tires. For those of you who like a custom finish to their machine, it comes with optional flame graphics on the fuel tank.  ", 
14 "As the name suggests, everything about the 2014 MY Harley Davidson Fat bob is, well, fat. Fat tires, fat exhaust pipes and a beefy fork. It sports an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103 powerhouse that boasts 132 Nm at 3250 rpm. It has an edgy look, thanks to some blacked-out elements that contrast nicely with the chrome exhaust and fork. Also in the visual department, the machined aluminium slotted disc wheels give it a custom touch, as well as the diagonal tank graphics.


As we expect from House Milwaukee, it has modern techs such as <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, an H-D Smart security system, adjustable rear shocks and, unlike most of its Dyna siblings, it has dual front disc brakes, which make it safer and help it corner better.", 
15 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Switchback is a modern version of classic cruisers. With a timeless look, it can easily be transformed from a touring machine to a boulevard cruiser, thanks to its detachable windscreen and soft saddlebags. It sports the proven, 1690cc, air-cooled Twin Cam 103 engine, which produces a gut-churning 126 Nm torque at 3500 rpm. Laden with lots of chrome, as a classic cruiser should be, MoCo's attention to detail is evident in its cast aluminium wheels inside the full wrap fenders, the chromed out headlamp nacelle and the mini, ape-hanger handlebars. 


Comfort and handling are ensured by the adjustable, cigar tube rear shocks, the cartridge-style front fork and the lightweight build of the chassis. The two-up seat means a pillion can enjoy this machine, while the full-length floorboards help the rider spend as much time as possible in the saddle. ", 
16 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Street Bob, is a bobber-style, minimalist cruiser from the MoCo, with a one-up seat, a chopped rear fender without support covers, and blacked-out elements that add a modern, aggressive touch to the overall look of this two-wheeler. It sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerplant that produces an asphalt-wrinkling 127 Nm of torque.


Technology-wise, this machine comes with the best House Milwaukee has to offer, such as <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard and Michelin Scorcher tires. In the aesthetics department, it comes with the Hard Candy Custom paint scheme, large metal flake finish that helps this machine stick out in a sea of cruisers. ", 
17 "For riders who want a head start on creating their custom bike, or for those who just want a little more uniqueness out of a series motorcycle, the House of Milwaukee has launched the 2013 MY Super Slide Custom. With features such as a black powertrain with chrome covers, a chrome exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, chrome steel laced wheels, and a low profile front fender, this machine is sure to turn heads no matter where one rides it. 


At the heart of this cruiser lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse mated to a six-speed, manual Cruise Drive transmission, and produces 127 Nm of torque at only 3000 rpm. This translates into easy mountain road climbs, without the hassle of downshifting. ", 
18 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Fat Bob comes with an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerplant and a manual, six-speed Cruise Drive transmission. The engine boasts a gut-churning 135 Nm at 3000 rpm. The two-wheeler has features that set it aside from its Dyna siblings, such as the silver, aluminium slotted disc wheels, the bobtail rear fender with chrome supports, the one-piece, two-up seat, the drag-style handlebar, black mirrors and fork lowers, high-performance rear shocks and the twin chrome headlamps plus fat 130mm front and 180mm rear tire. These features make the Fat Bob one of the most unusual two-wheelers from House Milwaukee, but, in the same time, one of the most successful ones also. 

", 
19 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Wide Glide has a design that combines both classic and modern features, suitable for riders who want the best out of both worlds. Classic touches like the "Tommy Gun" exhaust, the beefy, raked-out forks, and the wire passenger grab rail and the old-school flame paint scheme on the fuel tank are sure to reach out to the more nostalgic among riders. 21st century technologies such as the H-D Smart security system, the <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> that comes as standard or the dual red LED lights on the back fender improve rider safety.It sports an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerhouse that produces 135 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm and is mated to a sturdy six-speed manual transmission.", 
20 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Switchback is either a classic cruiser, or a middle-weight touring bike, the difference is just a few seconds apart, thanks to the detachable windscreen and hard saddlebags. Furthermore, thanks to its lightweight chassis, the adjustable suspension and the Dunlop tires, it offers better response when cornering.


A classic look is achieved by features such as the 2-into-1 chrome exhaust, the black, five-spoked cast aluminium wheels, the full coverage front and rear fenders, chromed headlamp nacelle, fork covers and tank console, plus the Street Bob inspired fuel tank. Touring capabilities are enhanced thanks to the two-up seat with custom stitching and the full-length rider footboards. ", 
21 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Super Glide Custom 110th Anniversary sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerplant paired to a manual, six-speed Cruise Drive transmission. It produces 127 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. With strong influences from 60's cruisers, such as the chromed exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, the chrome steel laced wheels and the low profile front fender, it is sure to appeal to the most nostalgic among House Milwaukee fans.


As all 110th Anniversary models, it features an unique, Vintage Bronze/Anniversary Vintage Black paint scheme, solid bronze tank medallions and air cleaner cover trim ring, chrome-plated timer cover with cloisonné insert and derby cover with forged solid bronze trim ring, a serialization badge and a security package, which includes <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard and a H-D Smart security system. ", 
22 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FLD Dyna Switchback sports an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with the Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 136 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This asphalt-crunching cruiser mainly addresses riders with a taste for a laid-back riding position, and who also want to spend as much time in the saddle, as possible. 


It comes standard with blacked-out, cast-aluminium wheels with full wrap fenders, a hand-finished fuel tank, cartridge-style front forks, adjustable cigar tube rear shocks, hard, detachable saddlebags, a detachable windshield, a two-into-one exhaust system, and lots of chrome embellishments.", 
23 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FXDC Dyna Super Glide Custom sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with the Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This cruiser is suitable for riders with a taste for a more classic-looking, trademark MoCo machine.


It comes standard with a pullback handlebar, a black powertrain with chrome covers, a chromed exhaust system with dual staggered shorty mufflers, chromed, steel lace-spoked wheels, a low profile front fender, a sporty, wrap-around rear fender with painted supports, an on-piece, two-up seat, and a chromed, low-profile tank console with electronic speedometer.", 
24 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FXDB Dyna Street Bob sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission that features a Cruise Drive system, and can reach a peak torque of 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with lace-spoked wheels, a bobber-style, solo seat, a chopped rear fender, blacked-out rims, a sausage taillight, medallions mounted on the hand-finished fuel tank, mini ape-hanger handlebars, mid-mounted controls, a chromed exhaust system with dual straight-cut staggered shorty mufflers, and a top triple clamp with integrated riser.", 
25 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FXDF Dyna Fat Bob sports an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with the Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 136 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. 


This cruiser addresses riders who want a big, aggressive cruiser, with an intimidating look and an overall design that will make it stand out in any crowd. It comes standard with a drag-style handlebar, steel medallions mounted on the hand-finished fuel tank, a 2-1-2 exhaust system, chromed rear shocks, a dual disc front braking system, forward-mounted controls, twin chrome headlamps, and a bobtail rear fender with chromed supports.", 
26 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide sports an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, that reaches a peak torque of 136 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This machine boasts one of the most unique designs among the MoCo line-up, and offers a great blend between classic and modern features. 


It has a big, 21", lace-spoked front wheel, a chromed, "Tommy Gun", 2-1-2 exhaust system, a lowered suspension package, wide aluminium triple clamps, a chopped rear fender with chromed supports, a solo seat with a separate passenger saddle, a sissy bar, blacked-out mirrors, a side-mounted licence plate and a low-profile tank console with electronic speedometer.", 
27 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FXDC Dyna Super Glide Custom sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with Cruise Drive, and can reach a peak torque of 125 Nm at only 3000 rpm. This classic-inspired, yet still modern in many ways cruiser can fit the needs for a wide variety of riders, who want good-looks as well as asphalt-crunching capabilities. 


Standard features include lace-spoked wheels, Michelin Scorcher tires, a black powertrain with chrome covers, a chromed exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, a custom, hand-finished fuel tank, a low profile front fender, a wrap-around rear fender with pained supports, a one-piece dual seat and stainless steel, mini pull-back handlebars.", 
28 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FXDB Street Bob sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and reaches a peak torque of 125 Nm at 3000 rpm. This machine might seem humble at first, with classic-inspired features, but also gives off a hint of its gut-churning capabilities, thanks to its bulky tires. 


It comes standard with Michelin Scorcher tires, an all-black powertrain, steel tank medallions, a chromed exhaust with dual straight-cut staggered shorty mufflers, a hand-finished fuel tank, lace-spoked wheels with blacked-out rims, a chopped rear fender without support covers, a one-up seat, a mini ape-hanger handlebar, a top triple clamp with integrated riser and a retro-style LED tail light.", 
29 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FXDF Fat Bob sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, that produces a claimed 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This mean machine has one of the most unique designs from the MoCo, and is sure to fit the taste of riders who want not only asphalt-wrinkling capabilities out of their two-wheeler, but also the looks to match them. 


It boasts a black, powder-coated powertrain with polished covers, a chromed, "Tommy Gun" 2-1-2 collector exhaust with dual mufflers, silver, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium wheels, a sport front fendeer with painted brace supports, a bobtail rear fender with chrome supports, a two-up saddle, a drag-style handlebar mounted on a black riser, black fork lowers and mirrors, polished aluminium triple clamps and chromed rear shocks.", 
30 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with Cruise Drive, and can produce 125 Nm of torque. With an eye-catching overall design and standard paints schemes to fit it, this machine boasts a blend of classic DNA embedded into it, with lots of modern touches and features, and is sure to become a favorite among MoCo fans, and not only. 


It comes standard with a large, 21" front lace-spoked front wheel with a blacked-out rim, a chromed, "Tommy Gun" 2-1-2 collector exhaust with dual mufflers, a hand-finished Street Bob fuel tank, a lowered suspension package, wide, polished aluminium triple clamps, a chopped rear fender with chrome supports, a solo seat, blacked-out mirrors, headlight casing and wire sissy bar, plus dual red LED lights in the rear.", 
31 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Dyna Super Glide FXD sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can reach a peak torque of 124 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


The 2010 MY boasts news, such as the new Michelin Scorcher tires with a new thread pattern, and a new helical cut 5th gear. Also, it comes standard with a chrome exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, silver, 10-spoked cast aluminium wheels, a sport front fender with painted brace supports, a wrap-around rear fender with polished stainless steel supports, a solo seat, a stainless steel, pull-back handlebar, plus a handlebar-mounted electronic speedometer.", 
32 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Dyna Street Bob FXDB sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 124 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This power cruiser comes with good news, such as the Michelin Scorcher tires with a new tread pattern, a new, all-black powertrain, a new tank medallion and a new, helical cut 5th gear. 


Standard features include a chrome exhaust with dual straight-cut staggered shorty mufflers, black, laced steel wheels, a chopped rear fender without support covers, a solo seat, a stainless steel, mini-ape hanger handlebar, a top triple clamp with integrated riser, a retro-style LED light and a Street Bob air-cleaner trim ring.", 
33 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Dyna Super Glide Custom FXDC sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. Unlike its previous embodiment, this machine comes with new Michelin Scorcher tires with a new thread pattern, a new, black powertrain with chrome covers and a new helical cut 5th gear. 


Standard features include a chrome exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, a 5-gallon fuel tank, chrome, laced steel wheels, a low profile front fender, a sport, wrap-around rear fender with painted supports, a one-piece, two-up seat, stainless steel, mini pull-back handlebars, and a chrome low-profile tank console with an electronic speedometer.", 
34 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Dyna Fat Bob FXDF sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with a black, powder-coated powertrain with polished covers, a chrome, "Tommy Gun" 2-1-2 collector exhaust with dual mufflers, a 5 gallon fuel tank, a silver, slotted disc, cast-aluminium wheels, a sport fender with painted brace supports, a bobtail rear fender with chrome supports, a one-piece, two-up classic seat, black fork lowers and mirrors, polished aluminium triple clamps, a high-performance, chrome covered, coil-over rear shocks and twin chrome headlamps.", 
35 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include a black, powder-coated powertrain with chrome covers, a chrome, "Tommy Gun" 2-1-2 collector exhaust with dual mufflers, 40-spoke, lace steel wheels with black rims, and a large, 21" front wheel, a lowered suspension package, wide, polished aluminium triple clamps, a chopped rear fender with chrome supports, a two-piece dual seat, black mirrors and headlight bucket, a black, one-piece wire sissy bar, dual red LED lights in the rear, and a side-mounted licence plate.", 
36 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with a silver, powder-coated engine with polished rocker boxes, a new, low profile front fender, a new fuel sender, a new tank graphics, a new, silver-faced speedometer with range countdown, a chrome staggered shorty dual exhaust, a wrap-around rear fender, a low-rise handlebar, and mid-mounted foot controls.", 
37 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXDB Dyna Street Bob sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Unlike its previous embodiment, it has received upgrades such as the new chopped rear fender, a new retro-LED taillight, a new silver-faced speedometer with range countdown, a new low profile front fender, a new fuel sender, a new straight-cut, chrome, staggered shorty dual exhaust, and new gloss black, steel laced wheels.", 
38 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXDC Dyna Super Glide Custom sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin engine paired to a six-speed manual transmission that has a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque. This gritty cruiser successfully combines modern and classic design elements, and is suitable for a wider range of riders, from the more nostalgic to the more adventurous. 


It brings forth improvements, such as the new silver-faced speedometer with range countdown, a new low profile front fender and a new fuel sender. Other features include a mini pull-back handlebar, a chrome, staggerred, shorty dual exhaust system, chrome laced wheels, a wrap-around rear fender, a console-mounted speedometer, and mid-mount foot controls. ", 
39 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXDF Dyna Fat Bob sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque. 


It comes with a new fuel sender and a new, silver-faced speedometer with range countdown, plus a new low profile front fender. Also, as its forefathers, it comes with a chrome, "Tommy Gun" exhaust with staggered dual mufflers, cast-aluminium, slotted disc wheels, a bobtail rear fender, a drag-style handlebar on a black riser and polished aluminium triple clamps.", 
40 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with Cruise Drive, and can reach its peak torque of 125 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


It brings forth improvement as opposed to the previous model, such as the new fuel sender, the new silver-face speedometer with fuel-range read out, the low profile front fender and the new tank graphics. Other features include highway pegs, mid-mount foot controls, a lowered rear suspension, black, 10-spoked, cast-aluminium wheels, plus a chrome staggered shorty dual exhaust.", 
41 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG ANV 105th Anniversary Dyna Wide Glide sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This machine has been designed to mark 105 years of Harley Davidson motorcycle production, and boasts a special, one-of-a-king paint and graphic scheme.


Standard features include a black powder-coat finish to the engine and chrome covers, new, braided brake lines, a chrome, staggered shorty dual exhaust, chrome, aluminium-profile, laced wheels, a bobtail rear fender, a stylized battery cover, 105th Anniversary badging, forward-mounted foot controls, plus a two-up seat with copper-vinyl insert.", 
42 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXDF Dyna Fat Bob sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. It comes standard with new, braided, brake lines, a new airbox cover, a "full metal jacket", chrome-covered, shock absorber springs, a chrome, "Tommy Gun" exhaust with staggered dual mufflers, cast-aluminium, slotted disc wheels, a bobtail rear fender, a black, drag-style handlebar mounted on a black riser, polished aluminium triple clamps, black fork lowers and mirrors, dual headlamps and forward foot controls.", 
43 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. The highlights for this model are the silver, powder-coated finish to the engine and the polished covers, new, braided brake lines, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, silver, 10-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, a wrap-around rear fender, a low-rise handlebar, a handle-bar mounted speedometer, a solo seat and mid-mounted foot controls.", 
44 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXDB Dyna Street Bob sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology and reaches its peak torque of 125 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with a black, powder-coat finish and polished covers on the engine, new, braided brake lines, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, chrome, laced steel wheels, a wrap-around rear fender, mini ape-hanger handlebars, a wrinkle black console, battery cover and belt guard, a solo seat and mid-mount foot controls.", 
45 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXDC Dyna Super Glide Custom sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin engine that reaches a peak torque of 125 Nm at 3000 rpm, and is paired to a six-seed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology.


It comes standard with mid-mounted foot controls, new, braided brake lines, a wrap-around rear fender, a low-rise handlebar, chrome, laced-steel wheels, a console-mounted speedometer, a chrome tank console with leather strap, a two-up classic seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, plus a powder-coated silver finish to the engine with a chrome treatment.", 
46 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXDC ANV 105th Anniversary Dyna Super Glide Custom has been released to commemorate 105 years of House Milwaukee bike manufacturing and design, and comes with a special, Anniversary Copper and Vivid Black paint scheme, and is traced with orange and pale gold pin striping. 


At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can reach a peak torque of 125 Nm at 3000 rpm. As the base Super Glide Custom, it comes with features such as the chrome, laced-steel wheels, the low-rise handlebar, the wrap-around rear fender or the mid-mount foot controls.", 
47 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


The highlights for this model are a silver powder-coat finish to the engine with chrome treatment, new, braided brake lines, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a wrap-around rear fender, a low-rise handlebar on pull-back risers, a lowered rear suspension, a two-up Dyna Classic seat, mid-mount foot controls, highway pegs, and a handlebar-mounted instrumentation cluster.", 
48 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and produces 123 NM of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes with a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, an 160mm rear tire, a bobtail rear fender, a stylized battery cover, forward-mounted foot controls, a large, tank-mounted speedometer, a 160mm rear tire, an ape-hanger handlebar with internal wiring, a chrome, laced-steel, 21" front wheel, redesigned gauges with clock, 6-speed indicator light and LED, plus a black, powder-coat finish on its engine and chrome covers.", 
49 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can reach a peak torque of 123 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


This machine comes standard with a black, powder-coat finish on its engine, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a wrap-around rear fender, a 160mm rear tire, black, 10-spoked, cast-aluminium wheels, a stylized, low-profile rear suspension, a low-slung, custom seat, an easy-reach, pull-back handlebar, a handlebar-mounted indicator cluster and mid-mounted foot controls.", 
50 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


This machine comes standard with a silver, powder-coat engine finish with polished covers, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, redesigned gauges with clock, a 49mm forks, a wrap-around rear fender, a top-mounted speedometer, a low-rise handlebar, silver, 10-spoked, cast-aluminium wheels, a solo seat and a fuel tank decal.", 
51 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FXDC Dyna Super Glide Custom sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse that can produce a claimed 123 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm, and is mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology. 


The highlights for this model are the black, powder-coat finish on the engine, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a wrap-around rear fender, black, 10-spoked, cast-aluminium wheels, a stylized, low-profile suspension, a low-slung custom seat, an easy-reach, pull-back handlebar, a handlebar-mounted instrument cluster and mid-mounted foot controls.", 
52 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FXDB Dyna Street Bob comes with a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, redesigned gauges, mini, ape-hanger handlebars, special tank emblems, a tank-mounted speedometer, a solo seat, mid-mounted foot controls, a wrap-around rear fender, a 160mm wide rear tire, chrome, laced-steel wheels. 


At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can reach its peak torque of 123 Nm at 3000 rpm.", 
53 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXD/I Dyna Super Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-twin powerhouse mated to a new, six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a new 49 mm telescopic fork, a new, wrap-around rear fender, a new, 160mm rear tire, a top-mounted speedometer, flat-track handlebars, new, silver, 10-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, a new solo seat plus a new fuel tank decal.", 
54 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXDCI Dyna Super Glide Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a new, six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


The highlights for this power cruiser are the new, 49mm telescopic front forks, a new, wrap-around rear fender, a new, 160mm rear tire, new, silver, 10-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, a new single floating brake rotor, a top-mounted speedometer with chrome housing, a color-matched fuel tank console, a chrome headlight cover and a chrome fuel lid ring.", 
55 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXDI35 Dyna 35th Anniversary Super Glide has been created to mark 35 years since the first model in the Dyna series has been designed. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include  anew, 49mm telescopic front fork, mini pull-back handlebars, a leather console with single speedometer, mid-mounted foot controls, a ribbed, two-up seat, a chrome battery side cover, chrome, aluminium profile laced wheels, a new, wrap-around rear fender, a new 160mm rear tire, a chrome belt guard, sprocket cover, electrical panel cover and coil cover, anniversary fuel tank medallions and decals, anniversary number one logo on the fuel tank and an anniversary label on the air cleaner and battery box.", 
56 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXDBI Dyna Street Bob has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-twin engine paired to a new, six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include a new, 49mm telescopic front fork, mini ape-hanger handlebars, a new, 160mm wide rear tire, a new, wrap-around rear fender, steel-laced wheels, a new, Black Denim paint scheme available, a tank-mounted speedometer, a solo seat, special tank emblems, plus a wrinkle-black console, battery cover and belt guard. ", 
57 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXDLI Dyna Low Rider sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-twin powerplant mated to a new, six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive transmission, and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with mid-mounted foot controls, a new, wrap-around rear fender, a new, 160mm rear tire, new, black, 10-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, a new, stylized, low-profile suspension, a new, low-slung custom seat, a new handlebar-mounted instrument cluster, and a new 49mm telescopic front fork.", 
58 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXDWGI Dyna Wide Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse that reaches its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm, and is mated to a new, six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology. 


Unlike its previous embodiment, it boasts a new, 49mm wide telescopic front fork, a new, bobtail rear fender, a new 160mm rear tire, new, shorter, risers, and a new stylized battery cover. Also it comes with forward-mounted foot controls, a large, tank-mounted speedometer, a 21" laced front wheel and a chrome, staggered shorty dual exhaust. ", 
59 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Super Glide Wide sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. The most notable features for this machine are the factory ape hangers, a custom, stepped seat, forward-mounted foot controls, a chromed sissy bar and backrest, a staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, a stretched tank with flames and a 3D Bar and Shield emblem, plus a restyled console.", 
60 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This low and powerful cruiser comes standard with an ape-hanger handlebar, a custom-stepped seat, a staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, a stretched fuel tank with a 3D tank emblem, a restyled console and forward-mounted foot controls.", 
61 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FXDC Dyna Super Glide Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 engine mated to a six-speed manual transmission, and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. The highlights for this model are the lace-steel wheels,  a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine with chrome detailing, a stretched fuel tank, a color-coordinated tank-mounted console, a flat handlebar, a staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, plus a low slung, two-up seat. ", 
62 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. Standard features include a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine, a stretched fuel tank, a flat handlebar, a staggered, shorty, dual exhaust system,  two-up seat, an aircraft-style fuel cap and gauge, plus a dual shock rear suspension.", 
63 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide Sport comes standard with a silver, powder-coat finish to its engine, a stretched fuel tank, a staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, a flat handlebar, a two-up seat, an aircraft-style fuel cap and gauge, a dual shock absorber rear suspension and lots of chrome plating. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm.", 
64 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This cruiser boasts a minimalist design, that combines classic design features with the comfort and convenience that comes with 21st century developed materials and technologies. The highlights for this model are the top-mounted speedometer, the stepped, two-up seat, the XR-style flat track handlebar, plus a responsive 28-degree front-end with dual rate springs.", 
65 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FXDX Dyna Super Glide Sport is a more performance-oriented version of the base Super Glide, and comes standard with features such as the premium, adjustable, sport suspension package, dual front disc brakes, a 150mm wide rear tire, an aggressive, low-slung seat, an aircraft-style fuel cap, chrome embellishments, and a staggered, shorty, dual exhaust system. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 96 V-Twin engine paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm.", 
66 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. House Milwaukee has designed this machine especially for riders with a smaller inseam and arm-length, as well as for riders who want a more comfortable, laid-back riding position. The most notable features on this two-wheeler are the the low-profile suspension, the low-slung, custom seat with tapered passenger pillion, a raked-out front fork, an easy-reach, low-rise handlebar, mid-mounted foot controls, a tank-mounted speedometer and tachometer and highway pegs.", 
67 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. This classic-inspired cruiser boasts a large, 21" laced-steel front wheel, and a 16" rear one, a dual seat with a passenger backrest, an ape-hanger handlebar, a bobtail fender, forward-mounted foot controls, a large, tank-mounted speedometer, a wide, raked-out front fork, plus a wide a variety of paint schemes to choose from.", 
68 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This cruiser comes standard with a top-mounted speedometer, a two-up seating, a flat-track handlebar, a Fat Bob fuel tank, as well as a wide variety of accessories and optionals, making this machine a suitable fit for those riders who want a more personal touch on their two-wheeler.", 
69 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXDX Dyna Super Glide Sport has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This cruiser is especially addressed for more adventurous riders, and it comes standard with features such as the dual front disc brakes, a premium, adjustable sport suspension, a 150mm wide rear tire with sticky rubber compound, a top-mounted speedometer and tachometer, plus an aggressive, low-slung seating. ", 
70 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXDXT Dyna Super Glide T-Sport has an air-cooled, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This machine combines performance with long haul capabilities, and addresses a wide variety of riders. 


Standard features include a sport fairing with an adjustable tinted windshield, a premium, quick-detach ballistic nylon saddlebags that expand, a comfortable, two-up touring saddle, dual front disc brakes, a premium, adjustable, sport suspension package, plus a top-mounted speedometer and tachometer.", 
71 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. It comes standard with a raked-out front fork, an easy-reach, low-rise handlebar, easy-reach, mid-mounted foot controls, a tank-mounted speedometer and tachometer, highway pegs, a low-profile suspension, a low-slung custom seat with a tapered passenger pillion, plus lots of chrome embellishments. ", 
72 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This machine offers the possibility of further customization, thanks to a wide variety of optional features and accessories to choose from, and is suitable for riders who want a more personal touch on their cruiser.


Standard features include a wide, raked-out front fork, a 21" laced front wheel, an ape-hanger handlebar, a bobtail fender, a stepped, chopper seat, forward-mounted foot controls, a chromed sissy bar and backrest plus a large, tank-mounted speedometer.", 
73 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 105 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


The highlights for this model are the top-mounted speedometer, the two-up seating, the lace-spoked wheels, a center console, a stepped, two-up seat,  plus a wide variety of accessories and optional features to choose from, making this an ideal machine for riders who want a more personal touch on their cruiser.", 
74 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FXDX Dyna Super Glide Sport has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 105 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with dual front disc brakes, a premium, adjustable, sport suspension, a 150mm wide rear tire with a sticky rubber compound in the front and in the rear, a top-mounted speedometer and tachometer, an aggressive, low-slung seating, plus lots of blacked-out components which are sure to appeal to the more adventurous among House Milwaukee fans.", 
75 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FXDXT Dyna Super Glide T-Sport sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 105 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. The highlights for this model are the comfortable, two-up touring saddle, the premium, adjustable sport suspension, a top-mounted speedometer and tachometer, frame-mounted highway pegs, premium, quick-detach ballistic nylon saddlebags that expand, plus a sport fairing with an adjustable tinted windshield.", 
76 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 105 Nm at 3000 rpm. This machine offers a low, laid-back riding position, and is suitable for riders with a smaller inseam an arm-length.


The key features on this machine would be the low-profile suspension package, the raked-out front fork, an easy-reach, low-rise handlebar, easy-reach, mid-mounted foot controls, a tank-mounted speedometer and tachometer, highway pegs, and a low-slung, custom seat with a tapered passenger seat.", 
77 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 105 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with a wide, raked-out front fork, a large, 21", laced front wheel, an ape-hanger handlebar, a bobtail fender, a stepped, chopper seat, forward-mounted foot controls, a chromed sissy bar and backrest, plus a large, tank-mounted speedometer. ", 
78 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 105 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with a two-up seating, a top-mounted speedometer, dual rear shocks, a Fat Bob tank, a center console, a stepped, two-up seat and a flat-track handlebar. This is the base Dyna model, offers the best price plus a wide variety of accessories and optional features, making it suitable for riders who want a more personal touch on their machine.", 
79 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXDX Dyna Super Glide Sport comes with an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 105 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


This machine is addressed to the more adventurous among House Milwaukee fans, and comes standard with dual front disc brakes, a premium, adjustable, sport suspension, a 150mm wide rear tire with sticky rubber compound, a top-mounted speedometer and tachometer, an aggressive, low-slung seating. In addition, it has a modern, blacked-out look.", 
80 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXDXT Dyna Super Glide T-Sport combines the practicality of a touring machine with the agility and gut-churning capabilities of a power cruiser, and is addressed to a wide variety of MoCo fans, and not only. It comes standard with a sport fairing, an adjustable, tinted windshield, Premium, quick-detach, ballistic nylon saddlebags that expand, dual front disc brakes, a Premium, adjustable, sport suspension package a top-mounted speedometer and tachometer, plus frame-mounted highway pegs.


In the tech/engine department, it sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 105 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm.", 
81 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 105 Nm at 3000 rpm. This machine is addressed especially for riders with a lower inseam and arm-length, boasting the lowest seat height in the 2001 MY House Milwaukee line-up.


Standard features include a low-profile suspension, a low-slung, custom seat with a tapered passenger pillion, a raked-out front fork, an easy-reach, low-rise handlebar, easy-reach, mid-mounted foot controls, a tank-mounted speedometer and tachometer plus highway pegs.

", 
82 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include a wide, raked-out front fork, a 21" laced front wheel, ape-hanger handlebars, a bobtail fender, a stepped, chopper seat, forward-mounted foot controls, a chromed sissy bar with passenger backrest, plus a large, tank-mounted speedometer. ", 
83 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide mainly addresses riders who prefer a more performance-oriented and agile machine. It boasts a minimalist design, and comes with new, XR-style handlebars, a Fat Bob fuel tank, a center console, a stepped seat, laced wheels and a raked front fork, for improved maneuverability. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 68 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque.", 
84 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXDX Dyna Super Glide Sport sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and produces a claimed 68 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. 


It comes standard with a new, fully-adjustable, cartridge-style front fork, a pre-load and rebound adjustable rear suspension, a wider rear tire, a flowing, ceramic-coated exhaust system, new, cast-aluminium ally wheels, a flat, black handlebar, a low-slung custom seat and a tank-mounted speedometer.", 
85 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 68 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. Standard features include an extra low seat, a raked front fork for improved maneuverability, pull-back handlebars, a Fat Bob fuel tank, a center console with a tachometer and a speedometer, highway pegs and a chromed exhaust system.", 
86 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission that can produce a claimed 68 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. The highlights for this model are the wide, raked fork, a stepped seat, a chrome headlight, ape-hanger handlebars, forward-mounted foot controls, a new fork slider and a skinny, 21", laced front wheel. ", 
87 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXDS-CONV Dyna Convertible combines the comfort of a touring machine with the agility and ease-of-use of a city commuter. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission that produces 68 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. 


It comes standard with studded-leather saddlebags and a dual seat, a long suspension travel, dual front disc brakes, a detachable windshield, highway pegs, a passenger backrest, laced wheels, and a silver and chrome finish on its engine and exhaust system.", 
88 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45° V-Twin mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque. This minimalist cruiser boasts laced wheels with bulky tires mounted on them, dual shocks as a rear suspension for more comfort, a dual seat, wrinkle-black finished on the engine, chrome engine covers, plus a chromed, staggered, dual shorty exhaust system.", 
89 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider comes with features such as a raked-out front end, a Fat Bob fuel tank, pull-back handlebars, a center console with a tachometer and a speedometer, highway pegs, forward-mounted foot controls, a dual seat, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed, dual exhaust system, a small front fender and a blacked-out, steel frame.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive and could reach a maximum power output of 67 horsepower and 107 Nm of torque.
", 
90 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide comes with features such as wide handlebars, a raked-out front fork that ends with a large, 21", chrome laced wheel, a disc rear wheel, dual shocks as a rear suspension, wrinkle-black, silver and chrome finishes, a dual seat plus a small passenger backrest, a telescopic front fork, front and rear disc brakes and a chromed, two-into-one exhaust system.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 67 horsepower and 107 Nm of torque.", 
91 "The 1997 Harley Davidson FXDWG Dyna Wide Glide sports an air-cooled, 1449cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 67 horsepower and 107 Nm of torque. The key features for this machine are the wide handlebars, the raked-out front fork that ends with a large, 21", chrome laced wheel, a disc rear wheel, dual shocks as a rear suspension, wrinkle-black, silver and chrome finishes, a dual seat plus a small passenger backrest.", 
92 "The 1998 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyba Super Glide comes with features such as buck-horn handlebars, the laced wheels, a dual seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, forward-mounted foot controls, highway pegs, a wide, raked-out front fork, and wrinkle-black and chrome finished on its engine.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.", 
93 "The 1998 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 67 horsepower and 107 Nm of torque.


Standard features include a raked-out front end, a Fat Bob fuel tank, pull-back handlebars, a center console with a tachometer and a speedometer, highway pegs, forward-mounted foot controls, a dual seat, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed, dual exhaust system, a small front fender and a blacked-out, steel frame.", 
94 "The 1996 Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider boasts one of the lowest seat heights in the House Milwaukee line-up, and mainly addresses riders with smaller inseams and arm-lengths. It comes standard with a raked front end, a Fat Bob fuel tank, pull-back handlebars, a center console with a tachometer and a speedometer, highway pegs and forward-mounted foot controls.


In the tech/engine department, is sports an air-cooled, 1449cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 67 horsepower and 107 Nm of torque. ", 
95 "The 1997 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.


Also, it comes with fittings such as buck-horn handlebars, the laced wheels, a dual seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, forward-mounted foot controls, highway pegs, a wide, raked-out front fork, and wrinkle-black and chrome finished on its engine.", 
96 "The 1996 MY Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Glide Custom comes standard with a chromed, dual staggered, shorty exhaust system, chromed, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a chromed, telescopic front fork, forward-mounted foot controls, a large, Fat Bob fuel tank, ape-hanger handlebars, and a dual seat with a small passenger backrest. At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 110 Nm of torque and 67 horsepower. ", 
97 "The 1995 Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide has received has been fitted with the new, air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse, paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and has a power output of 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque. The key features on this machine are the buckhorn handlebars, the laced wheels, a dual seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, forward-mounted foot controls, highway pegs, a wide, raked-out front fork, and wrinkle-black and chrome finished on its engine.

", 
98 "The 1996 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider boasts a maximum power output of 67 horsepower and 107 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Also, it has been fitted with  telescopic front fork, shortened shock absorbers in the rear, a dual seat, highway pegs, forward-mounted controls, pull-back handlebars, wrinkle-black finishes on its engine, a chromed, dual exhaust system, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed headlight, plus front and rear disc brakes.", 
99 "The 1995 MY Harley Davidson FXD Super Glide is suitable for riders who want a trademark American cruiser, that is sure to stand out no matter where one decides to ride it. It has been fitted with a chromed, staggered, dual exhaust system, wide handlebars, laced wheels, front and rear disc brakes, tank-mounted analogue instrumentation dials, a telescopic front fork, dual shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a blacked-out, steel frame, a small front fender and chromed engine covers.


In the engine department it sports a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1340cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, that can produce a claimed 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.", 
100 "The 1995 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider comes with fittings such as a telescopic front fork, shortened shock absorbers in the rear, a dual seat, highway pegs, forward-mounted controls, pull-back handlebars, wrinkle-black finishes on its engine, a chromed, dual exhaust system, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed headlight, plus front and rear disc brakes.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, that can produce a claimed 67 horsepower at 107 Nm of torque.", 
101 "The 1994 MY Harley Davidson FXD Super Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1340cc, 45-degree V-Twin engine, that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.


In addition, it comes with a chromed, staggered, dual exhaust system, wide handlebars, laced wheels, front and rear disc brakes, tank-mounted analogue instrumentation dials, a telescopic front fork, dual shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a blacked-out, steel frame, a small front fender and chromed engine covers.", 
102 "The 1994 MY Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 67 horsepower and 107 Nm of torque.


Standard fittings include it comes with a telescopic front fork, shortened shock absorbers in the rear, a dual seat, highway pegs, forward-mounted controls, pull-back handlebars, wrinkle-black finishes on its engine, a chromed, dual exhaust system, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed headlight, plus front and rear disc brakes.", 
103 "The 1993 Harley Davidson FXDL Dyna Low Rider comes with MoCo's acclaimed, air-cooled, 1449cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 67 horsepower and 107 Nm of torque. This machine has been designed specifically for riders with a shorter inseam and arm-length, as well as for those who just enjoy a lower, laid-back riding stance. Shortened, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a dual seat, highway pegs, forward-mounted controls, pull-back handlebars and wrinkle-black finishes come as standard on this machine.", 
104 "The 1993 MY Harley Davidson FXD Super Glide has standard fittings such as a chromed, staggered, dual exhaust system, wide handlebars, laced wheels, front and rear disc brakes, tank-mounted analogue instrumentation dials, a telescopic front fork, dual shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a blacked-out, steel frame, a small front fender and chromed engine covers.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1340cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.", 
105 "The 1991 Harley Davidson FXB 1340 Sturgis has been created to commemorate the annual pilgrimage to the Black Hills in South Dakota. It has been produced for only one year, and had, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse mated to a four-speed manual transmission, and can produce 67 horsepower and 94 Nm of torque. It came standard with a dual seat, a passenger backrest, dual shocks as a rear suspension, forward-mounted foot controls, blacked-out, 9-spoke cast wheels, with red pin-striping, and a chromed 2-into-1 exhaust.", 
106 "The 1992 MY Harley Davidson FXD Super Glide boasts a maximum power output of 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque from its four-stroke, air-cooled, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Also, it has been fitted with a chromed, staggered, dual exhaust system, wide handlebars, laced wheels, front and rear disc brakes, tank-mounted analogue instrumentation dials, a telescopic front fork, dual shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a blacked-out, steel frame, a small front fender and chromed engine covers.", 
107 "The 1991 Harley Davidson FXD Dyna Super Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1340cc, 45° V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque. Standard features for this model include laced wheels, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a chromed, staggered, dual shorty exhaust system, a dual seat, a blacked-out frame, a silver engine finish plus chrome engine covers. ", 
108 "The 1982 MY Harley Davidson FSX 1340 Low Rider is a powerful cruiser from the MoCo that boasts a low seat height, and can accommodate a wider range of rider inseams and arm lengths. It boasts a maximum power output of 67 horsepower at 5800 rpm from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a four-speed manual transmission.


In addition, it has been fitted with standard features such as a chromed, two-into-one exhaust system, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers in the rear, a dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, chromed engine covers, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed headlight, an analogue instrumentation panel and dual front disc brakes. ", 
109 "The 1981 MY Harley Davidson FSX 1340 comes with features such as a chromed, two-into-one exhaust system, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers in the rear, a dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, chromed engine covers, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed headlight, an analogue instrumentation panel and dual front disc brakes.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can produce a claimed 67 horsepower at 5800 rpm.", 
110 "The 1980 MY Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1207cc, 45° V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission that can produce a claimed 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm. It comes standard with laced wheels with bulky tires mounted on them, a dual seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a 2-into-1 chromed exhaust system and chrome engine covers and accents. ", 
111 "The 1980 MY Harley Davidson FSX 1340 has received a new engine, a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 67 horsepower at 5800 rpm.


In addition, it comes with a chromed, two-into-one exhaust system, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers in the rear, a dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, chromed engine covers, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed headlight, an analogue instrumentation panel and dual front disc brakes.", 
112 "If you're on the market for a powerful, classic-styled American cruiser, then the 1980 MY Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide may be the right choice for you. It can produce a claimed 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm from its four-stroke, air-cooled, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.


Also, it comes with a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a dual seat, a chromed, dual exhaust system, laced wheels, disc brakes both in the front and in the rear, wide handlebars, a blacked-out steel frame and analogue instrumentation panels.", 
113 "The 1979 MY Harley Davidson FSX 1200 Low Rider is suitable for those riders who have a smaller inseam and arm length, but also for those who prefer a more comfortable riding position. It sports a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.


It has also been fitted with a chromed, two-into-one exhaust system, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers in the rear, a dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, chromed engine covers, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed headlight, an analogue instrumentation panel and dual front disc brakes.", 
114 "The 1979 MY Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide is a powerful cruiser from the MoCo that has standard features such as a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a dual seat, a chromed, dual exhaust system, laced wheels, disc brakes both in the front and in the rear, wide handlebars, a blacked-out steel frame and analogue instrumentation panels.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin engine that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm.", 
115 "The 1978 MY Harley Davidson FXS 1200 Low Rider comes with features such as a chromed, two-into-one exhaust system, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers in the rear, a dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, chromed engine covers, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed headlight, an analogue instrumentation panel and dual front disc brakes.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.", 
116 "The 1978 MY Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide boasts a maximum power output of 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.


The American engineers have also fitted it with a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a dual seat, a chromed, dual exhaust system, laced wheels, disc brakes both in the front and in the rear, wide handlebars, a blacked-out steel frame and analogue instrumentation panels.", 
117 "The 1977 MY Harley Davidson FXS 1200 Low Rider has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive. 


Also, it comes with features such as a chromed, two-into-one exhaust system, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers in the rear, a dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, chromed engine covers, cast-aluminium wheels, a chromed headlight, an analogue instrumentation panel and dual front disc brakes.", 
118 "The 1977 MY Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide has standard fittings such as a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a dual seat, a chromed, dual exhaust system, laced wheels, disc brakes both in the front and in the rear, wide handlebars, a blacked-out steel frame and analogue instrumentation panels.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, that can produce a claimed 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm.", 
119 "The 1976 MY Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide has, at its heart, a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, that was mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm. 


In addition, it has been fitted with a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a dual seat, a chromed, dual exhaust system, laced wheels, disc brakes both in the front and in the rear, wide handlebars, a blacked-out steel frame and analogue instrumentation panels.", 
120 "Unlike its previous embodiment, which received the nickname "Boat Tail", the American engineers have gone with a more traditional and less conspicuous rear fender for the 1974 Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide. At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1207cc, 45° V-Twin engine paired to a four-speed manual transmission and produces 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm. 


This model comes standard with laced wheels, a rear suspension composed of dual shocks, a dual seat, plus chrome-plating on the exhaust system, the rear shocks, the engine and engine covers, plus the front telescopic fork.", 
121 "The 1974 MY Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide is a classic cruiser, suitable for those riders who want a trademark American overall design for their machine. It comes with wide, beach handlebars, a small, round headlight, a chromed exhaust system, a dual seat, laced wheels, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shocks in the rear, a blacked-out, steel frame, analogue instrumentation dials and forward-mounted foot controls.


In the engine department it sports a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm.", 
122 "The 1973 MY Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide boasts a maximum power output of 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.


Also, it comes with standard fittings such as wide, beach handlebars, a small, round headlight, a chromed exhaust system, a dual seat, laced wheels, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shocks in the rear, a blacked-out, steel frame, analogue instrumentation dials and forward-mounted foot controls.", 
123 "The 1972 MY Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide comes with features such as wide, beach handlebars, a small, round headlight, a chromed exhaust system, a dual seat, laced wheels, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual shocks in the rear, a blacked-out, steel frame, analogue instrumentation dials and forward-mounted foot controls.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1207cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm.", 
124 "The 1971 Harley Davidson FX 1200 Super Glide , also known as the "Boat Tail", has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1207cc, 45° V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission that produces a claimed 65 horsepower at 5500 rpm. 


This model has been designed as a gap between the smaller, XL models and the larger FLB models from House Milwaukee. The American engineers have took the FL frame and joined with the more responsive suspension package found on the XL series, for a machine that offers both raw power and superior maneuverability. ", 
