1 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Electra Glide Ultra Classic Firefighter sports an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 engine that can produce 135 Nm of torque. It is one of the most capable touring motorcycles ever to have been designed by the House of Milwaukee, thanks to its hard saddlebags, trunk, fork-mounted fairing and the heated, two-up seat, with lumbar support for the rider plus backrest and armerests for the passenger.


It has been created as a tribute for firefighters, and features distinctive design elements and details, such as the "Firefighter Special Edition" steel badge. It can be purchased only by fire department personnel, active or retired, and comes in two unique paint schemes, Vivid Black with Red/Gold Pinstripes or Fire Engine Red with Double Gold Pinstripes.", 
2 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Road King sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This machine is dedicated and can only be purchased by active or retired firefighters, and comes with a special, Fire Engine Red with Double Gold Pinstripes paint and graphic scheme.


In all other aspects, it is the same as the base Road King, and has standard features such as the hard, lockable saddlebags, the detachable windshield, the chrome dual exhaust system or the black, 28-spoked, cast aluminium wheels with narrow whitewall tires mounted on them.", 
3 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Heritage Softail Classic sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This has been designed for and can only be purchased by active and retired firefighters.


Standard features worth mentioning would be the detachable windscreen, a studded-leather saddlebags and rider seat, a pillion seat with a small backrest, lace-spoked wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, full-coverage fenders and lots of chrome plating throughout the two-wheeler.", 
4 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Ultra Classic Electra Glide sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 126 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This touring-oriented cruiser can be exclusively bought by active or retired fire department employees.


It comes standard with a rear trunk with incorporated passenger backrest, a rider seat with lumbar support, hard, lockable saddlebags, a fork-mounted fairing, a chrome 2-1-2 dual exhaust with tapered mufflers, mid-frame air deflectors, a deep FL front fender with trim and a high-end audio system.

", 
5 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Fat Boy is addressed only for active or retired fire department employees and has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 126 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. 


This machine comes standard with new hand controls, a new odometer trip switch, a new single button hazzard warning and a larger odometer readout with gear and rpm display, as opposed to its previous incarnation. It also boasts silver, bullet-hole disc, cast-aluminium wheels, a fat, 200mm rear tire, full-size rider foot boards, a two-piece, two-up saddle, a custom trimmed fender and lots of chrome plating throughout the machine. ", 
6 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson Shrine Heritage Softail Classic sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This limited edition machines come with special paint schemes, and are dedicated for spiritual guides and men of the cloth.


Standard features worth mentioning would be the detachable windscreen, a studded-leather saddlebags and rider seat, a pillion seat with a small backrest, lace-spoked wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, full-coverage fenders and lots of chrome plating throughout the two-wheeler.", 
7 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Heritage Softail Classic sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-Twin powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, that can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


This machine comes factory standard with sirens and special lights, as well as all the other features the base Heritage Softail Classic, such as the chrome, staggered shorty exhaust with dual mufflers, a new helical cut 5th gear, a detachable Lexan windshield, and lockable saddlebags.", 
8 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Fat Boy sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with Cruise Drive and can produce 127 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


As all other Firefighter machines from House Milwaukee, it comes with special paint schemes and features to help firefighters successfully tackle whatever emergency they may encounter. Also, it comes with the same features as the base Fat Boy, such as the fat, 200mm rear tire, a new, helical cut 5th gear, a new, "horseshoe" oil tank with chrome external oil lines plus the beefy front fork.", 
9 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Road King is a machine designed especially for fire departments, and comes factory-standard with various improvements to aid firefighters in any emergency they may encounter. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-Twin powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can reach its peak torque of 125 Nm at 3500 rpm. 


Also, this machine comes with the features found on the base Road King, such as the chrome, 2-1-2 dual exhaust with tapered mufflers, the new, helical cut 5th gear for smoother shifting and the hard, lockable saddlebags.", 
10 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Ultra Classic Electra Glide sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with Cruise Drive, and reaches its peak torque of 125 Nm at 3500 rpm. 


It comes standard with special equipment designed for fire departments, as well as most of the features and improvements found on the base Ultra Classic Electra Glide, such as the chrome, 2-1-2 dual exhaust with tapered mufflers, a Harman/Kardon Advanced Audio System, a comfort stitched seat and a new, helical cut 5th gear which makes shifting easier and improves the sound.", 
11 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Heritage Softail Classic sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerplant that can produce 122 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm, and is paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology. 


This machine has been designed especially for fire department staff, and can be purchased only by active or retired employees. It comes standard with a new, chrome, low profile console, new, half moon rider foot pads, a new frame and swingarm, new, retooled saddlebags, a sculpted passenger pillion, and an increased load capacity.", 
12 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Fat Boy sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 122 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


This machine can only be purchased by active or retired fire department personnel, which also receive a quite generous discount. It comes standard with a new, chrome, horseshoe oil tank, a new, stainless steel, wide cruiser bars, a new, 200mm rear tire, a new chrome, over/under shotgun exhaust, a new frame and swingarm and an increased load capacity.", 
13 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Road King sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm.


It comes with a new frame and swingarm, a new, 2-1-2 exhaust system, a new, 68-tooth rear drive sprocket, new, cast-aluminium wheels, an increased load capacity and a new, Vivid Black with gold and red pinstripes paint scheme. ", 
14 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Ultra Classic Electra Glide is a machine intended only for fire department staff, active or retired. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. 


Standard features include a new frame and swingarm, a new, 2-1-2 exhaust system, a new, 68-tooth rear drive sprocket, new, cast-aluminium wheels, a an increased load capacity, plus a special paint scheme, Vivid Black with gold and red pinstripes.", 
15 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 119 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


This machine is dedicated for fire department personnel, and can only be purchased by them. It boasts a special paint scheme, and a fuel tank badge. Other features, such as the studded leather saddlebags and rider seat, the full-coverage front fender or the detachable windshield are the same as on the base Heritage Softail Classic.", 
16 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter FLSTF Fat Boy is a machine dedicated for fire department employees, and comes with a special paint scheme and fuel tank badge, found only on this series from House Milwaukee. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 123 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. In all other departments, this machine sports the same features as the base Harley Davidson Fat Boy. ", 
17 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter FLHR Road King sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse that reaches its peak torque of 126 Nm at 3000 rpm, and is mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system. 


This touring machine is dedicated to firefighters and can be purchased only by active or retired fire department personnel, and boasts a special paint scheme, found only on this series plus a fuel tank steel badge. In all other departments, it has the same features and parts as the base Road King.", 
18 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter FLHTCU Ultra Classic Electra Glide sports an air-cooled, 1583cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin engine mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 126 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This two-wheeler has been designed in honor of fire department staff, and is exclusively addressed to them. It boasts a special, Fire-engine Red paint scheme, and comes with a steel fuel tank badge. In all other aspects, it is the same as the base Ultra Classic Electra Glide. ", 
19 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Road King Special Edition has been designed to honor and aid fire fighters, and comes factory-equipped with special features that ensure the fastest response possible to any emergency. In the engine/tech department, it sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 Vibration Isolated V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 117 Nm of torque. In all other departments, it has the same features as the base Road King, such as the hard, lockable saddlebags, the two-up seat, or the detachable windscreen. ", 
20 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Special Edition FLHRI Road King sports an air-cooled, 1550cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 117 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. It comes factory-equipped with all the features, technologies and tools for an optimum response time to any emergency. In addition, it also comes with all the comfort-enhancing features and storage space a base Road King machine has.", 
21 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson Firefighter Special Edition FLHTCUI Ultra Classic Electra Glide has been designed for rapid response for every emergency that might occur on the job for fire department staff. It comes with all the features found on the base Ultra Classic Electra Glide plus factory-fitted sirens and tools that help a fire fighter perform his duties. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 117 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm.", 
