1 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, High Output Twin Cam 103B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission that reaches a peak torque of 132 Nm at 3250 rpm. The defining features for this machine are the mirror-chromed bullet-hole wheels, the hidden rear shocks, chromed side badges on the fuel tank, and the H-D Security System. Comfort is also enhanced by the low profile handlebars, a convertible and narrow two-piece seat and full-length rider floorboards.", 
2 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Special has been designed by the House of Milwaukee for the more adventurous riders, with a taste for more aggressive and modern-looking cruisers. Unlike the base model, the classic chrome has been replaced with blacked-out accents, and comes with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard. In the engine department, it sports the same air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, High Output Twin Cam 103B powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission, and can produce 133 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm.", 
3 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Softail Deluxe sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, High Output Twin Cam 103B powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 133 Nm at 3250. 


In the aesthetics department, the stretched, old-school fenders, the whitewall tires, the old-school "hardtail" look, the chromed luggage rack, the tombstone tailight, the tank-mounted consolle and the hidden rear shocks all reminisce of the classic Harleys from the 50's and 60's.", 
4 "If you are a rider on the market for a classic cruiser, but still want all the perks that come with state-of-the-art technologies and parts, than the 2016 MY Harley Davidson Heritage Softail Classic may be the right choice for you. At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, High Output Twin Cam 103B powerplant mated to a six-speed manual transmission that can produce 130 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with studded leather saddlebags and dual saddle, a passenger backrest, custom Harley Davidson badges on the fuel tank, full rider floorboards, raised handlebars, a windscreen, full coverage fenders, and a chromed peashooter exhaust system.", 
5 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Softail Slim sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, High Output Twin Cam 103B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission and can produce 133 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. It comes with a narrow rear tyre, "Hollywood" handlebars and a "Cat Eye" console, a rear hidden rear monoshock suspension, <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, full rider floorboards, redesigned hand controls for more ease of use, and a low seat height and with a solo leather saddle, which appeals to the more nostalgic among MoCo fans.", 
6 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Breakout sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, High Output Twin Cam 103B powerplant mated to a six-speed manual transmission and can produce 130 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


A fat, 240 mm rear tire, a 21" front wheel, the Hard Candy Custom large metal flake paint scheme, a 3D tank medallion, Gasser, cast-aluminium wheels, which are characteristic for this model, chopped fenders and a riser-mounted speedometer all add to the appeal of this modern cruiser. ", 
7 "The 2016 Harley Davidson Softail Slim S has received the biggest engine ever mounted on a production MoCo cruiser, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1801cc, Screamin' Eagle Twin Cam 110B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission, that reaches a peak torque of 136 Nm at only 3000 rpm. 


This machine, unlike the base Softail Slim, has received an upgrade in the visual department as well, such as the Olive Gold Denim paint option, the blacked-out exhaust, frame and engine accents,  black brake levers, mirrors and the triple clamp on the front fork.", 
8 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy S is the most aggressive version of the Fat Boy designed by the House of Milwaukee up to date. Starting from its all-black overall look, to the Screamin Eagle engine mounted on it, everything on this cool machine screams aggressiveness and raw power, and is sure to fit the taste of even the most adventurous among MoCo fans. At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1801cc, Screamin' Eagle Twin Cam 110B powerhouse  paired to a six-speed manual transmission and can produce 146 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm.", 
9 "Available for purchase only for US customers, the 2015 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Lo is a lowered version of the Fat Boy, addressed especially for those riders who want a firmer foothold on the ground when stopped. At its heart, it has the same air-cooled, Twin Cam 103B powerplant as the base Fat Boy, which produces a gut-churning 132 Nm of torque.


Technology-wise, as all its siblings from the Softail family, it comes with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, H-D Smart security system, and a cleverly hidden rear monoshock for a more plush ride, whether across the highway or a boulevard stroll. ", 
10 "As the name suggests, everything about the 2015 MY Harley Davidson Fat boy is, well, fat. Fat tires, fat fork, everything seems to be oversized on this two-wheeler, but when you put them all together, you get a bruiser-style chopper which screams "American", ready to eat the miles up, alone or two-up. The design is well-balanced, all the elements on this bike complementing each other, from the mirror-chromed, bullet-hole disc wheels to the classic-looking hardtail, with cleverly hidden rear shocks. 


The machine sports an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103B powerplant, which produces 132 Nm of torque, mated to a sturdy six-speed manual transmission. The Fat Boy is a great combination of classic 60's looks with modern technologies to enhance performance and rider comfort. ", 
11 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Special brings forth the classic-looking, "fat", styling and reliable performance of the base Fat Boy, with some added visual elements that make it look more aggressive. A darker, more edgy look is achieved by replacing the flashy chrome finishing with matte black on the first half of the exhaust system, the frame, the swingarm, the front shock covers, the derby cover, the air cleaner cover and the rims. 


On the tech/engine side, it boasts a 1690cc powerplant that produces 132 Nm of power, mated to a six-speed manual transmission. ", 
12 "If you are a fan of 60's looks, but want the smooth performance and rider comfort offered by 21st century technology, than the 2015 MY Harley Davidson Softail Deluxe might be the right machine for you. Classic styling is achieved by features such as the hardtail look with cleverly hidden rear shocks, the luggage rack, the stretch old-school rear fenders, the tank-mounted console, the tombstone taillight and the whitewall tires. 


Performance-wise, this two-wheeler boasts asphalt-crunching capabilities, thanks to the air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103B, which produces 132 Nm of torque. ", 
13 "As far as classic boulevard cruisers go, it's hard to compete with the 2015 MY Harley Davidson Heritage Softail Classic. With features such as whitewall tires mounted in lace-spoked wheels, studded leather saddlebags and seats, padded pillion backrest and a 3D tank medallion, this cruiser looks like its been ripped out of a 60's American motorcycle magazine. 


The MoCo haven't designed it only with looks in mind, they have fitted it with the latest technologies developed by House Milwaukee, and mounted at the heart of it an asphalt-crunching 1690cc, Twin Cam 103B powerplant. ", 
14 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Softail Slim is a cruiser that presents a nice blend between classic and modern looks, perfect for riders who want a nostalgic look to their bikes, with all the perks that come with modern technology. Styling features such as the Hollywood bobber handlebars, cat eye console, the narrow rear profile and the hardtail look, with cleverly hidden rear shocks, offer that 60's look to this machine. Add to this modern features such as <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> and a clever-mapped engine with a smooth power delivery throughout the rev range, make it perform beautifully on motorways and windy roads alike.", 
15 "The first thing you notice on the 2015 MY Harley Davidson Breakout are the wheels. Big, 21inch front wheel, with alternating spokes plus a wide rear tire profile, they remind you of custom wheels you usually see on one-of-a-kind choppers, with a much bigger price tag on them. The two-wheeler sports a 1690cc, air-cooled Twin Cam 103B powerplant, which produces a gut-crunching 132 Nm of torque, but with a smart engine mapping that provides smooth power delivery throughout the rev range, making it suitable for both boulevard strolls, or winding up a mountain road.", 
16 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Lo is available for purchase only in the USA and is suitable for riders who have a smaller inseam but still prefer a firm foothold on the ground when stopped or when cornering at low speeds. It has the same technologies and engine as the base Fat Boy, such as the hidden rear shock, <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard and the H-D Smart security system. At its heart lies the air-cooled, Twin Cam 103B, which boasts a whopping 132 Nm of torque. 


The American engineers have lowered the front and rear suspensions, thus obtaining a much lower riding stance, perfect for inner-city traffic. Aesthetically, it has the same "fat" look as the base model, with features such as the big tank, the wide Dunlop tires, and the classic, hardtail look. ", 
17 "When it comes to classic hardtail choppers, but with all the perks of modern technology, it doesn't get much better than the 2014 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy. Hardtail looks, big tank badges, beefy front fork plus mirror chrome, bullet hole disc wheels have a distinct 60's look, while the hidden rear shocks, <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, and H-D Smart security system make it a proper 21st century machine from House Milwaukee. 


In the tech/ engine department, it sports an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103B powerplant that produces an asphalt-crunching 132 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. The engine is paired to a dependable, six-speed manual transmission. ", 
18 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Special sports the same dependable, 1690cc, air-cooled Twin Cam 103B powerplant mated to a dependable six-speed manual transmission, as the base Fat Boy. The engine boasts a gut-churning 132 Nm of torque at only 3000 rpm. Technology-wise, it comes with the latest from the MoCo, <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, H-D Smart security system, as well as fat, 140mm front and 200mm rear, Dunlop tires that ensure all that asphalt-wrinkling power is always transferred to the road. 


What differentiates the Fat Boy Special from the base Fat boy is a darker, more aggressive overall look, with blacked-out wheels, engine accents, fork and the first half of the exhaust system. ", 
19 "Everything about the 2014 MY Harley Davidson Softail Deluxe is a throwback to the 60's American cruisers. Hardtail rear, a luggage rack, stretched old-school front and rear fenders, a tank-mounted console, the tombstone taillight, plus whitewall tires, all found on a bike with 21st century tech that ensures a plush ride and modern performance. It sports an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103B powerplant that produces 132 Nm of torque, and is mated to a six-speed manual transmission. 


Visually, the bike is sure to stand out in any crowd, thanks to its Hard Candy custom paint, available in Sand Pearl/ Canion Brown, Voodoo Purple, Amber Whiskey/Brilliant Silber, Mysterious Red/Blackened Cayenne, Morocco Gold Pearl, Big Blue Pearl or Vivid Black. ", 
20 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Heritage Softail Classic is addressed for those nostalgic riders, that consider that a bike is not complete without 60's styling and accessories. Detachable, studded leather saddlebags, a detachable windshield and the convertible two-up seat means that this classic-looking machine is a great choice for a touring motorcycle, also. The tall handlebar and the full length rider footboards only add to the amount of time one can spend behind the bars of this two-wheeler.


It sports an air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103B that is mated to a six-speed manual transmission and can produce 130 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. ", 
21 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Softail Slim is a narrower, more city-friendly version of the Softail. It has been designed as an alternative with softer handling and a lower seat height for easier maneuverability at low speeds, as opposed to its beefier siblings in the Softail family. Features such as the half moon foot boards, Hollywood handlebars and the "Cat Eye" console, plus the hardtail look add to the desirability of this machine. 


Performance-wise, it comes withe the proven, 1690cc, air-cooled, Twin Cam 103B powerplant, which boasts 132 Nm, making this machine suitable for longer strolls along the countryside also. ", 
22 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Breakout is probably the closest to a custom chopper from any series motorcycles in the MoCo family. A low, muscular profile, complemented by a beefy, raked-out front end, a fat, 240mm rear tire profile, gasser dragster-like wheels, found only on the Breakout, plus a drag style handlebar ensure that this bike will stand out in any crowd.


Performance-wise, it sports the proven 1690cc, air-cooled Twin Cam 103B powerplant mated to a six-speed manual transmission. The Twin Cam boasts 130 Nm of power, at 3000 rpm, ensuring enough power for highway cruising and enough grunt for sinuous mountain climbs. ", 
23 "Long, low-slung and aggressive, the 2013 MY Harley Davidson Breakout is one of the most bold machines from the MoCo. Suitable for riders that like one-of-a-kind touches to their machine, the wide variety of accessories and customization options make the Breakout one of the best choices if one is on the market for custom-looking series motorcycles. 


It sports the proven, air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103B engine mated to a six-speed manual transmission, and produces 129 Nm of torque. Features such as the straight cut chrome mufflers, black cast aluminium wheels, the chopped front and rear fenders, a wide, drag-style handlebar, and the glass-filled fuel tank medallions increase its desirability among fans of House Milwaukee machines and give it an unique and elegant touch. ", 
24 "For riders with a taste for 60's classic cruisers, and, at the same time, want to spend as much time as possible behind the bars, Harley Davidson have launched the 2013 MY Harley Davidson Heritage Softail Classic. Classic features such as whitewall tires, studded leather saddlebags, the two-tone paint scheme, full-coverage front and rear fenders, plus chromed elements such as the dual staggered shorty mufflers, steel laced wheels, the ball headlamp, the oil tank and the tank console give it an authentic 60's cruiser style. 


At the heart of this two-wheeler lies the proven, 1690cc, air-cooled, Twin Cam 103B powerplant that produces 129 Nm, and is mated to a six-speed manual transmission. ", 
25 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy sports the proven, 1690cc, air-cooled, Twin Cam 103B powerhouse paired to a manual, six-speed Cruise Drive transmission, and can produce 132 Nm at 3000 rpm. It has a classic hardtail look, with a beefy, chromed front fork, wide, 200mm rear tire and 140mm front one, mounted on chromed, bullet-hole cast wheels, plus a wide handlebar. A true classic cruiser, it has lots of chromed-out accents, such as the exhaust, the front fork nacelle, the headlamp, the oil tank and on the tank console. 


Rider comfort is ensured by a low seat height, the cleverly hidden rear shock, the full length rider footboards ans the low profile handlebars. As all other models from the House of Milwaukee, it features a wide choice of colors for its hand-finished paint and graphic scheme. ", 
26 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Lo is addressed to riders with a shorter inseam, or who just want a firmer foothold on the ground when stopped at traffic lights, or when maneuvering at low speeds. It features the same dependable Twin Cam 103 powerplant as its taller sibling, the Fat Boy, and all the other trademark technologies the MoCo fit their machines with. 


The American engineers have succeeded in lowering the seat height and ground clearance on this machine by cleverly readjusting the suspension, without affecting comfort or the machines ability to corner. ", 
27 "The MoCo has launched, for British riders only, a more aggressive, edgier version of the Fat Boy Lo, in the embodiment of the 2013 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Special. This machine shares all its innards and technology with its Fat Boy siblings, such as the Twin Cam 103B powerplant and the manual, six-speed Cruise Drive transmission, but with a more modern touch to its aesthetics. 


Most of the chrome embellishments have been replaced with edgier, black powder-coating, on the bullet-hole, cast aluminium wheels, the engine accents, half the exhaust system, the frame and the upper half of the beefy front fork. Also, as all the machines from House Milwaukee, it comes with a wide variety of hand-finished paint and graphic schemes to choose from. ", 
28 "For riders with a taste for classic cruisers, the 2013 MY Harley Davidson Softail Deluxe is a sound choice. With features such as the deeply valanced front and rear fenders, a tombstone taillight, the chromed, steel laced wheels, wide whitewall tires, a low-rise handlebar, and a two-piece, two-up seat with collapsing sides and removable passenger grab rails, it is sure to fit the taste of even the most nostalgic of riders. 


Performance-wise, it has, at its heart, the dependable, air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103B powerplant that produces an asphalt-crunching 132 Nm of torque. In the paint department, as all House Milwaukee machines, it features a hand-finished paint scheme, and, in accordance with 60's cruisers, it features a two-tone graphic scheme, with a variety of colors for the rider to choose from. ", 
29 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Softail Slim is a more city-friendly model from the Softail series, with a narrower body and improved maneuverability. It follows the MoCo recipe in the styling department, but with more aggressive, modern touches, such as the black frame, the slash-cut mufflers at the end of the exhaust system, blacked-out laced wheels and black engine accents. These features are sure to please the younger riders that are fans of House Milwaukee machines.


It also boasts the best technologies the MoCo have developed up to date, and at its heart lies the proven, 1690cc, air-cooled, Twin Cam 103B powerplant, that produces a gut-churning 132 Nm. This translates into o machine that is suitable for both boulevard strolling and weekend, highway cruising, alike. ", 
30 "In its last year of production, the 2013 MY Harley Davidson Blackline greets its fans with the same, dependable, 1690cc, air-cooled, Twin Cam 103B powerplant that boasts an impressive 132 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. As its previous reincarnations, design-wise, it has classic bobber elements combined with several aggressive, custom-like elements that point out the fact it is still a 21st century motorcycle, and it comes with all the modern technologies one should have. 


In the comfort department, even though it has the classic, bobber hardtail look, a cleverly disguised rear monoshock, a two-piece seat, adjustable front suspensions and drag-style handlebars, are all designed to make the rider spend as much time as possible in the saddle. ", 
31 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Heritage Softail Classic 110th Anniversary brings forth a classic cruiser styling, with soft, studded leather saddlebags, full-coverage fenders with chrome accents, a detachable windshield, and lots of chrome-plating on the dual-staggered shorty mufflers exhaust, the steel laced wheels, the headlamp and the oil tank. It sports a dependable, 1690cc, air-cooled Twin Cam 103B powerplant, which can produce 129 Nm of torque. 


Limited to only 1900 motorcycles, the 110th Anniversary features a special, Vintage Bronze/Anniversary Vintage Black paint scheme, solid bronze tank medallions and air cleaner cover trim ring, a chrome-plated timer cover with cloisonné insert and derby cover with forged solid bronze trim ring, a solid bronze backrest medallion, solid bronze seat and saddlebag conchos, a serialization badge and a security package with H-D Smart security system and <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard. ", 
32 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Lo 110th Anniversary addresses riders who want a firmer foothold on the ground when stopped or cornering at low speeds. It has the same engine and technologies as the base Fat Boy, such as the 1690cc, air-cooled Twin Cam 103B powerplant, which produces 132 Nm of torque. The American engineers have tweaked the machine's suspension, for a lower seat height and ground clearance, without affecting its cornering abilities and comfort for the rider.


The Fat Boy Lo 110th Anniversary features, as all 110th Anniversary models, a solid bronze tank medallion and air cleaner cover trim ring, chrome-plated chrome-plated timer cover with cloisonné insert and derby cover with forged solid bronze trim ring, a serialization badge and a Security package which includes <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard and H-D Smart security system, plus an unique, Vintage Bronze/Anniversary Vintage Black paint scheme.", 
33 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Special 110th Anniversary sports the dependable, 1690cc, air-cooled, Twin Cam 103B powerplant, that produces 134 Nm of torque. It is based on the Fat Boy Lo, with the same tweaked suspension that lowers the seat height and ground clearance, but with an edgier, more modern look, thanks to blacked-out elements, such as the wheels, upper fork, half the exhaust system, frame and the hardtail look. 


The 110th Anniversary edition has several features that set it apart, such as the chrome-plated timer cover with cloisonné insert and derby cover with forged solid bronze trim ring, a solid bronze tank medallion and air cleaner cover trim ring, a serialization badge and a security package, which offers <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, plus a special Anniversary Vintage Bronze/Anniversary Vintage Black paint scheme.", 
34 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic Peace Officer was built as a tribute for law enforcement officers, and is available for purchase only for them, active or retired. It comes with a special "Peace Officer Special Edition" steel badge on the fuel tank and comes with a choice between a Vivid Black with Blue/Silver Pinstripes, Dark Peace Officer Blue with Blue/Silver Pinstripes or Two-Tone Light Peace Officer Blue/Dark Peace Officer Blue paint scheme. 


At its heart lies the proven, 1690cc, air-cooled Twin Cam 103B mated to a sturdy, manual, six-speed Cruise Drive transmission and can produce a whopping 129 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This machine has the trademark, classic design from the MoCo, with studded leather saddlebags, a two-piece, two-up seat with passenger backrest and classic fuel tank, as well as a lot of chrome-plating, on the exhaust system, engine accents, on the laced wheels and the front fork. ", 
35 "In honor of the firefighters who risk their lives daily, the House of Milwaukee have launched the 2013 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic Peace Officer. It features a special, "Firefighter Special Edition" badge and comes with a choice between a Vivid Black with Red/Gold Pinstripes or Fire Engine Red with Double Gold Pinstripes paint schemes. It is available for purchase only for employees of the fire department, active or retired. 


At its heart lies the dependable, air-cooled, 1690cc Twin Cam 103 engine mated to a manual, six-speed Cruise Drive transmission and can produce 129 Nm of torque. As all Heritage Softail Classic models, it features the studded leather saddlebags, the detachable windscreen, and a two-piece, two-up seat with pillion backrest. Keeping true to the classic cruiser style, it has lots of chrome embellishments, such as on the exhaust system, the laced wheels, the front fork and engine accents. ", 
36 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic Shrine follows the trademark House Milwaukee recipe to the letter, classic cruiser look with all the perks of 21st century technologies. Studded leather saddlebags, a two-piece two-up seat and with passenger backrest plus a detachable windshield make it an excellent mid-sized tourer, while lots of chrome embellishments, found on the exhaust system, the engine accents, the front fork and the wheels ensure that classic 60's cruiser visuals. 


The Shrine edition comes with a special steel badge and is available for purchase in Arctic White with Red/Gold Pinstripes or Concord Purple with Light Purple/Red Pinstripes paint schemes. ", 
37 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FLS Softail Slim sports an air-cooled, Twin Cam 103B powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with Cruise Drive, and reaches a peak torque of 134 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This asphalt-crunching cruiser not only does the part, it looks the part as well, with fat tires in the front and the rear, a beefy front fork and offering a laid-back riding position, this machine is sure to fit the taste for a wide variety of Harley fans and not only.


The most defining features of this impressive two-wheeler are the blacked-out, lace-spoked wheels, "Hollywood"-style handlebars and a "Cat Eye" console, a narrow rear profile, hidden rear shocks, a hand finished fuel tank, a low solo seat, half-moon foot boards, a chopper rear fender, and a side-mounted licence plate.", 
38 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FXS Softail Blackline sports an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103B V-twin powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 134 Nm of torque. A minimalist design, inspired directly from the 60's bobber era, that's what you get if you become the proud owner of this two-wheeler.


It comes standard with a hidden rear shock suspension, a hand-finished fuel tank, split drag handlebars with a slammed speedometer, black smoothie rims, forward mounted controls, a two-up seat and offers an aggressive riding position. In addition, a horseshoe oil tank, lace-spoked aluminium wheels and a wide FX front end increase its desirability among Harley fans and not only.", 
39 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FLSTFB Softail Fat Boy Lo has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103B V-twin engine mated to a six-speed manual transmission that features the Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 134 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. It has been designed as a blacked-out, aggressive and modern interpretation of its forefathers, and is suitable who want a laid-back riding position, as well as a machine that will stand out in any crowd. 


The most notable features on this bulky cruiser are the fat, front and rear tires, the bullet-hole disc, cast-aluminium wheels with machined outer rims, the gloss black triple clamp covers and nacelle, a powder-coated powertrain with satin-chrome covers, a lowered rear suspension, the over/under shotgun exhaust with satin-chrome mufflers and muffler shields, and flat-black header shields and the full-coverage rear fender.", 
40 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Softail Fat Boy is a powerful cruiser from the MoCo, that boasts a gut-churning peak torque of 134 Nm at 3000 rpm from its air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103B powerhouse, mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system. 


This bulky two-wheeler comes with a hidden rear monoshock, a hand finished fuel tank, 17", bullet-hole disc, cast-aluminium wheels, full-length rider foot boards, chromed, low-profile handlebars, a narrow seat, with removable pillion, a chromed over/under shotgun exhaust system, a 200mm rear tire and a custom trimmed front fender.", 
41 "If you are a rider who has a taste for the classic American cruiser look, but still want a modern machine, than the 2012 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic may be the right choice for you. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 131 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


To fit the taste of the more nostalgic among riders, the MoCo has fitted this machine with studded leather saddlebags, a studded-leather rider seat, a pillion seat with a backrest, a windshield, full-coverage fenders, a two-tone paint scheme, and lace-spoked wheels with white-wall tires mounted on them, plus lots of chrome plating.", 
42 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FLSTN Softail Deluxe boasts retro look mingled with modern technologies, craftsmanship and subtle details which are sure to make it a favorite among a wide variety of riders. Lace-spoked wheels with white-wall tires mounted on them, full-coverage fenders, a two-tone paint scheme, a two-piece double saddle, a dual pea-shooter exhaust system and lots of chrome plating throughout the machine is sure to appeal to the more nostalgic among MoCo fans.


At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and reaches a peak torque of 134 Nm at just 3000 rpm.", 
43 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FXS Blackline sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology and can produce a claimed 121 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. Unlike the other models from the MoCo line-up, this machine boasts a narrower width, and is more suitable for the concrete jungle. 


Unlike its forefathers, this machine comes with a new powertrain styling, a new, round air cleaner cover in chrome, a new, Black Denim powder-coat frame and swingarm, a new wide fx front end with black powder-coat triple clamps and black painted fork lowers, a new, Split Drag handlebar, a new analogue speedometer, a new, bobber-style rear fender, and a new, one-piece dual seat. ", 
44 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FLSTFB Fat Boy Lo has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with Cruise Drive, and can reach its peak torque of 127 Nm at 3000 rpm. This cruiser offers riders a classic America, laid back riding position, thanks to its low seat height and forward-mounted controls. 


It comes standard with new hand controls, new odometer trip switch, a single button hazzard warning, and a larger, odometer readout with gear and rpm display, as opposed to its previous embodiments. In addition, it also comes with a leather tank panel with a steel medallion, bullet-hole disc, cast-aluminim wheels with black centers and machined outer rims, a blacked-out frame, a lowered rear suspension, a 200mm rear tire, plus half-moon black rider floorboards. ", 
45 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission that features a Cruise Drive system, and can produce a claimed 127 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This bulky cruiser is suitable for riders who want a more aggressive and stable machine, with gut-churning capabilities, whether on the highway or on boulevard strolls. 


This two-wheeler comes standard with new hand controls, a new odometer trip switch, a new single button hazzard warning and a larger odometer readout with gear and rpm display, as opposed to its previous incarnation. It also boasts silver, bullet-hole disc, cast-aluminium wheels, a fat, 200mm rear tire, full-size rider foot boards, a two-piece, two-up saddle, a custom trimmed fender and lots of chrome plating throughout the machine. ", 
46 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 127 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This machine has been designed for MoCo fans with a more nostalgic taste, and comes with tons of 60's and 70's DNA embedded in its design. 


Standard features worth mentioning would be the detachable windscreen, a studded-leather saddlebags and rider seat, a pillion seat with a small backrest, lace-spoked wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, full-coverage fenders and lots of chrome plating throughout the two-wheeler.", 
47 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FLSTN Softail Deluxe sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin engine paired to a six-speed manual transmission, that features a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce a claimed 127 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This machine is the modern MoCo interpretation of a classic American cruiser from the 60's and 70's, but in looks alone, once you crack the surface you can see that House Milwaukee have used the latest technologies and materials developed by their engineers, to offer an unique ride, for a wide variety of riders. 


It comes standard with lace-spoked wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, full coverage fenders, a classic, triple headlamp, a dual seat, pillion grab handles, a classic, hand-finished fuel tank, full rider floorboards, and lots of chrome embellishments.", 
48 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FLSTSB Cross Bones sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerplant mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can reach its claimed peak torque of 127 Nm at 3000 rpm. This single saddle machine boasts both modern and classic features, offering a superb blend between both, and has been designed by the MoCo to address as wide a category of riders as possible. 


Standard features include new hand controls, a new odometer trip switch, a new single button hazzard warning, and a new larger odometer readout with gear and rpm display. Also, it also comes with a fuel tank sender, a deluxe exhaust system with slash-cut mufflers, laced steel wheels with gloss-black rims, a 200mm wide rear tire, half-round rider floor boards, a sprung solo seat, a chopped front fender and a bobtail rear fender with black supports.", 
49 "Unlike its previous embodiment, the 2011 MY Harley Davidson FXCWC Rocker C comes forth with news, such as the hand controls, the odometer trip switch, the single button hazard warning and the larger odometer readout which features a gear and rpm display. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin mated to a six-speed manual transmission with Cruise Drive, and can produce 127 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Other standard features include a black, powder-coated powertrain with chrome covers, a chrome exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, polished, cast-aluminium, tapered five-spoke wheels, a wide, 240mm rear tire, a two-in-one seat with concealed pillion seat, a console-mounted speedometer, a skinny, custom front fender, a rockertail rear section, plus a pinstripe flames paint scheme. ", 
50 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Heritage Softail Classic FLSTC sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


The highlights for this model are the the studded leather saddlebags, the studded leather rider seat, a detachable windscreen, a pillion seat with a backrest, a black, powder-coated powertrain with chrome covers, a chrome exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, chrome, laced steel wheels with chrome hub covers, a 150mm rear tire, half-round foot boards, full-coverage front and rear fenders with chrome accents, plus lots of chrome embellishments. ", 
51 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy FLSTF sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin engine mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 127 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


This bulky cruiser comes standard with a new fuel tank sender, for accurate fuel-level readings, a new, helical cut 5th gear, a black, powder-coated powertrain with chrome covers, a chrome, over/under shotgun exhaust, silver, bullet hole disc, cast aluminium wheels, a fat, 200mm rear tire, a chrome front fork nacelle, a chrome oil tank, full-size rider foot boards, a two-piece, two-up seat and custom trimmed front fender. ", 
52 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Fat Boy Lo FLSTFB has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 127 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This machine is mainly addressed for rider with a smaller inseam, as well as those who just want a more lowered riding position, boasting a seat height of just 26".


In addition, the 2010 MY boasts improvements, such as the new seat which has been lowered and is narrower, a new leather tank panel with a medallion, a new satin-chrome tank console and side badges, new, bullet-hole disc, cast aluminum wheels with black centers and machined outer rims, a new, blacked-out frame and other chassis parts, new gloss black triple clamp covers and nacelle, and a new helical cut 5th gear.", 
53 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Softail Deluxe FLSTN sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerplant that reaches its peak torque of 127 Nm at 3000 rpm, and is paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology.


The highlights for this model are the chrome over/under shotgun exhust, chromed, laced steel wheels with wide whitewall tires mounted on them, a chrome, nostalgic 7" ball headlamp, full-length rider footboards, a two-piece, two-up seat, an integrated chrome luggage rack, a tombstone taillight and full-coverage front and rear fenders with chrome accents.", 
54 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Cross Bones FLSTSB has, at its heart, an air-cooled, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 127 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This bobber-inspired machine addresses riders who want a more nostalgic machine, but with the comfort and safety associated with modern technologies.


The highlights for this model are the black, powder-coated powertrain with polished covers, a deluxe exhaust with slash-cut mufflers, a gloss black, painted Springer front end with chrome springs, laced steel wheels with gloss black rims, a 200mm rear tire, a black headlamp shell, half-round foot boards, a sprung solo seat, a chopped front fender, and a bobtail rear fender with black supports.", 
55 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Rocker C FXCWC is a powerful cruiser addressed for riders who want a House Milwaukee machine, that boasts a trademark MoCo design, which incorporates classic and modern elements. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive, and can produce 125 Nm of torque. 


It comes standard with a black, powder-coated powertrain with chrome covers, a chrome exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, polished, cast aluminium tapered five-spoke wheels, a 240mm rear tire, a finned, cast-aluminium oil tank, a trick, two-in-one seat with concealed pillion seat, a color-matched frame, swingarm and oil tank, a chrome bullet headlight and fork lowers, a rockertail rear section plus a deluxe pinstripe flames paint scheme.", 
56 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Softail Custom FXSTC sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. 


Standard features include a black, powder-coated powertrain with chrome covers, a chrome exhaust with dual staggered short mufflers, a chrome, profile laced aluminium front wheel, a polished, slotted-disc, forged aluminium rear wheel, a 200mm rear tire, a stainless steel, ape-hanger handlebar, a skinny custom front fender, a bobtail rear fender, plus lots of chrome embellishments.", 
57 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXCW Softail Rocker sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 120 Nm at 2750 rpm. 


It comes standard with a silver, powder-coated engine with Satin Stainless Steel powder-coat covers, a chrome shorty dual exhaust, a new, low-profile front fender, a finned, cast-aluminium, horseshoe oil tank, a 240mm wide rear tire, a Rockertail rear section, a stretched fuel tank with recessed medallion, a solo saddle, a V-bar handlebar on 5" curved risers, a console-mounted speedometer, plus  integrated LED rear turn indicators/tail/brake lamps.", 
58 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXCWC Softail Rocker C has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can reach a peak torque of 120 Nm at 2750 rpm. 


It comes standard with a black, powder-coated engine with chrome covers, a chrome, shorty, dual muffler exhaust system, a new, low profile front fender, a finned, cast-aluminium oil tank, a 240mm fat rear tire, a rockertail rear section, a console-mounted style speedometer, chrome fork lowers, headlamp, console, speedometer and other components, plus an independent V-bar handlebar on 5" curved risers.", 
59 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse that reaches its peak torque of 120 Nm at 2750 rpm, and is paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology. 


Unlike its forefather, it comes with upgrades, such as the new, enlarged passenger seat and backrest, a new seat trim, a taller handlebar, a new handlebar clamp, new graphics and tank badge, a new saddle bag trim, a new retro speedometer face, a new front fender trim and a new chrome nacelle style. ", 
60 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and reaches its peak torque of 122 Nm at 2750 rpm. 


The highlights of this model are the black, powder-coated engine with chrome covers, a chrome over/under shotgun exhaust, a chrome horseshoe oil tank, a fat, 200mm rear tire, silver, bullet-hole disc, cast-aluminium wheels, a two-tone seat with bullet laced valence, a chrome front fork nacelle, full-length floorboards, FL front forks and custom front fender, plus a large chrome headlight.", 
61 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FLSTN Softail Deluxe sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 122 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


Standard features include a chrome, over/under shotgun exhaust system, a new, narrow profile seat with a low, 24.5 seat height, a chrome oil tank, chrome, laced steel wheels, a FL rear fender, a two-piece, two-up seat with detachable passenger pillion, a low-rise, pull-back handlebar, a distinctive headlight nacelle, an integrated luggage rack, a tombstone tail light, FL front forks with full FL fender, full-length floorboards and black engine accents with chrome covers.", 
62 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FLSTSB Softail Cross Bones sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


It comes standard with a new, gloss-black, round air cleaner cover, a straight shot exhaust with chrome slash-cut mufflers, an adjustable sprung solo seat with leather lacing, a chopped front fender with pinstriping, a bobtail rear fender with pinstriping, a 200mm rear tire, laced steel wheels, plus half-moon, old-school foot boards.", 
63 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB Night Train sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. This cruiser boasts a more minimalist design, and a lighter dry weight, giving it superior maneuverability.


It comes standard with a chrome, staggered shorty dual exhaust system, a bobtail rear fender, a low-slung, Badlander style seat, a drag-style handlebar on 6" risers, forward-mounted foot controls, a new, low profile, front fender, a black, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a black, powder-coated engine with wrinkle-black and texture-black covers plus a large 21", laced steel front tire.", 
64 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FXSTC Softail Custom sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


It comes standard with a black, powder-coated engine with chrome covers, a profile ape-hanger handlebar with custom risers, a new, low profile front fender, a chrome staggered shorty dual exhaust, a chrome oil tank, a 200mm rear tire, a polished, slotted disc, forged aluminium 17" rear wheel, a chrome profile, laced aluminium 21" front wheel, a bobtail rear fender and forward-mounted foot controls.", 
65 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXSTC Softail Custom sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin engine that can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm, and is paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system. 


It comes standard with a black, powder-coat finish on the engine and chrome covers, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a chrome oil tank, a 200mm rear tire, a bobtail rear fender, profile, ape-hanger handlebars with Bare Knuckle risers, forward-mounted foot controls, a large, 21", chrome, profile laced-aluminium front wheel and a polished, slotted disc, forged-aluminium rear wheel.", 
66 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FLSTN Softail Deluxe sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse that can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm, and is paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive transmission.


Standard features include a FL rear fender, a low-rise, pull-back handlebar, an integrated luggage rack, a tombstone tail light, full-length floorboards with heel/toe shift lever, a distinctive headlight nacelle, a two-piece, two-up seat with detachable passenger pillion, chrome laced-steel wheels, a chrome oil tank and a chrome, over/under shotgun exhaust. ", 
67 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXCW Rocker sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive transmission, and can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


This machine boasts features such as the rockertail rear section, a stretched fuel tank with recessed medallion, a solo saddle, V-bar handlebars on 5" curved risers, a console-mounted speed shop speedometer, an integrated LED rear turn indicators, a finned, cast-aluminium, horseshoe oil tank, a chrome, shorty, dual exhaust with new slash bend, plus a silver powder-coat engine finish with Satin Stainless Metalic powder-coat covers.", 
68 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXCWC Rocker C has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


It comes standard with chrome, shorty dual mufflers with slash-cut outlets, a finned, cast-aluminium oil tank, a rockertail rear section, a stretched fuel tank with recessed cloisonné medallion, a trick seat with concealed passenger pillion, independent V-bar handlebars on 5" curved risers, a console-mounted speed shop style speedometer, and a deluxe pinstripe flames graphic scheme.", 
69 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include a chrome, staggered shorty dual exhaust, a chrome oil tank, chrome, laced-steel wheels with blackwall tires, an FL rear fender, a two-piece, two-up seat with detachable passenger pillion and backrest, a touring handlebar, a detachable, large Lexan windshield, leather saddlebags and full-length floorboards with a heel/toe shift lever.", 
70 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC ANV 105th Anniversary Heritage Softail Classic  is a machine designed to commemorate 105 years of machines designed and built by House Milwaukee. It comes with a special, Anniversary Copper and Vivid Black two-tone paint scheme. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1854cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm.


This machine, as the name suggests, is addressed for the more nostalgic among riders, and comes with classic features such as the studded leather saddlebags and rider seat, the large windscreen, the two-tone paint scheme, the full-coverage front fender, plus lots of chrome embellishments. ", 
71 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm.


Standard features include a chrome, over/under shotgun exhaust, a chrome oil tank, a black, powder-coat finish on the engine, chrome engine covers, silver, bullet-hole disc, cast-aluminium wheels, a chopped FL rear fender, a two-up seat with bullet laced valence, a chrome front fork nacelle, full-length floorboards with heel/toe shift lever, a custom front fender plus a large chrome headlight.", 
72 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FLSTSB Softail Cross Bones comes standard with a straight shot exhaust with chrome slash-cut mufflers, an adjustable sprung solo seat with leather lacing, a chopped front fender with striping, a bobtail rear fender with striping, a 200mm rear tire, laced-steel, front and rear wheels with Gloss Black painted rims, half-round old-school foot boards, a horseshoe oil tank and a black, powder-coat finish on the engine.


At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can reach a peak torque of 120 Nm at 2750 rpm.", 
73 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB Softail Night Train sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can reach a peak torque of 120 Nm at 4000 rpm. 


It comes standard with forward-mounted foot controls, a bobtail rear fender, a low-slung, Badlander seat, a chrome, laced-steel front wheel, a 200mm rear tire, a black, bullet-hole disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a black oil tank, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, plus a black, powder-coated engine finish with wrinkle-black and texture-black covers.", 
74 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FXSTC ANV 105th Anniversary Softail Custom sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission, and can produce 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


It has been designed to commemorate 105 years of Harley Davidson motorcycle design and production, and comes with a special paint scheme, Anniversary Copper and Vivid Black. In all other departments, it has the same features as the base Softail Custom.", 
75 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB Softail Night Train has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, that can produce a claimed  123 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include a fat, 200mm rear tire, a hard-tail styling with twin hidden shocks, a black, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a chrome, laced-steel, 21" front wheel, a low-slung Badlander seat, a drag-style handlebar, a black, powder-coat finish on the engine plus a black tank console, air cleaner, oil tank and rear fender supports.", 
76 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FXSTD Softail Deuce has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin engine that can reach its peak torque of 122 Nm at 2750 rpm, and is mated to a new, six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system.


The highlights for this model are the low, smooth Badlander seat, a fast-back style rear fender, a chrome riser with a low-rise, flat-track handlebar, chrome fender supports with hidden hardware, a chrome, full-length tank console, a chrome, laced-steel 21" front wheel, a stretched fuel tanl, a lowered rear suspension plus a new, extended rider foot peg and brake pedal.", 
77 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FXSTC Softail Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can reach its peak torque of 123 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


It boasts a new, 200mm wide rear tire, a new two-up seat with chrome backrest, a new profile, ape-hanger handlebar, new graphics on the fuel tank and a new front fork slider cover and chrome bullet headlamp. Also, it comes standard with a sculpted, Bobtail rear fender, forward-mounted, highway-style rider pegs, a chrome, horseshoe oil tank and a chrome, laced-aluminium, 21" front wheel.", 
78 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy boasts improvements, as opposed to its previous embodiments, such as the new, wide, 200mm rear tire, a new, fat, internally wired handlebar, new, giant, bare knuckle risers, new, silver, bullet-hole disc, cast-aluminium wheels, a new graphic scheme on the tank, or a new, chromed, front fork nacelle.


At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce a claimed 122 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm.", 
79 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FLSTN Softail Deluxe has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin engine paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 122 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


The highlights for this model are the chrome oil tank, a tombstone taillight, a distinctive headlight nacelle, a removable passenger pillion, full-length floorboards, a chrome, shotgun exhaust system, wide whitewall tires, chromed, laced-steel wheels, an integrated luggage rack, a hard tail styling with a hidden rear monoshock, and a black, powder-coat finish on the engine.", 
80 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 123 Nm at 3000 rpm. This machine has been designed to fit the needs of riders who prefer a classic touch on their two-wheeler, but also want the comfort safety and performance of a modern, 21st century cruiser.


Standard features include a full, FL front fender with chrome accents, full-length floorboards, a chrome hub cover, a chrome-plated directional light bar, chrome, laced-steel wheels with blackwall tires, a staggered shorty dual exhaust system, a touring handlebar, a pillion backrest, a detachable passenger seat, a detachable Lexan windshield and a hard-tail styling with hidden dual shocks. 

", 
81 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FXST Softail Standard has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin engine mated to a six-speed transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce a claimed 120 Nm of torque at 2750 rpm. 


It comes standard with a fat, 200mm rear tire, a wide, Bobtail rear fender, a large, chrome, laced-steel 21" wheel, a silver, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a silver, color-matched belt sprocket, a black, horseshoe oil tank, raked, FX front forks, a custom,  Badlander seat, plus a hard tail styling with twin, hidden rear shocks. ", 
82 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FLSTSC Softail Springer Classic sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96B V-twin powerplant mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can reach its peak torque of 120 Nm at 2750 rpm. 


Standard features include a crossover, dual exhaust system, a tombstone taillight, a fender-mounted running light, a removable passenger seat, a retro fuel tank trim and badge with oil tank patent badge, full-length floorboards, new, directional signals on the beach-style handlebar, a hard tail styling with twin hidden rear shocks, plus a black, powder-coat finish on the front fork and the engine.", 
83 "The 2007 MY Heritage Springer Classic has standard fittings such as a springer front fork, a full front fender, a hard-tail look in the rear with an adjustable and hidden monoshock suspension, a dual seat, a chromed pea-shooter exhaust system, a chromed headlight, classic, two-tone paint schemes and a blacked-out steel frame.


In addition, it boasts a maximum power output of 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.", 
84 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC/I Heritage Softail Classic sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. It comes standard with a black, powder-coated engine with chrome covers, a hard-tail styling with hidden, horizontal rear shocks, a detachable, king-size Lexan windshield, studded leather saddlebags with quick-release buckles, a passenger backrest, touring handlebars, a full FL front fender with chrome accents, a chrome hub cover, laced wheels with blackwall tires, a staggered shorty-dual exhaust and rider floorboards with heel-and-toe shifter.", 
85 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXST/I Softail Standard sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin engine that produces 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm, and is paired to a five-speed manual transmission. Standard features include a clear-lens, reflector-optics headlight, a silver, powder-coat finish engine, laced wheels, a bobtail rear fender, a black horseshoe oil tank, and raked FX forks.", 
86 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB/I Night Train has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. It comes standard with a new, fat, 200mm rear tire, a new, black, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a new, black, color-matched belt sprocket, a new, wide, rear bobtail fender, a laced, 21" front wheel, drag bars on 6" risers, a black tank console, air cleaner, oil tank and rear fender supports, plus a 3D tank emblem. ", 
87 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXSTD/I Softail Deuce sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse that can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm, and is paired to a five-speed manual transmission. The highlights for this model are the clipped rear fender, a recessed taillight, a large, 21", laced front wheel, chrome full-length tank console, fender supports, riser and forks, a low, smooth, Badlander seat, a stretched fuel tank, a hard-tail styling with hidden, horizontal rear shocks, plus a black, powder-coat finish on the engine.", 
88 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF/I FAT BOY sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. Standard features include a black, powder-coat finish on the engine, chrome engine covers, a hard-tail styling with hidden, horizontal rear shocks, fat FL forks, solid disc wheels, rider floorboards, a FL rear fender, and a 7" headlight with chrome fork nacelle. ", 
89 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FLSTSC/I Softail Springer Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. Standard features include a black, powder-coated engine with chrome covers, a hard-tail styling with hidden, horizontal rear shocks, a black, powder-coated Springer front suspension, a new, silver, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a crossover dual exhaust system, beach-style handlebars, a tombstone taillight, a fender-mounted running light, a retro fuel tank badge and trim, a retro oil tank patent badge, plus rider floorboards with heel-and-toe shifter. ", 
90 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS/I Springer Softail has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. The highlights for this model are the new, silver, color-matched belt sprocket, a new, wide rear bobtail fender, a new, silver, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a new, 200mm rear tire, a hard-tail styling with hidden, horizontal rear shocks, a black, horseshoe oil tank, raked FX forks, and a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine. ", 
91 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FLST/I Heritage Softail has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B powerhouse mated to a six-speed, manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. Standard features include a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine, a hard-tail styling with hidden, horizontal rear shocks, laced wheels, a black, horseshoe oil tank, a FL front end and FL wrap-around rear fender, rider floor boards with heel-and-toe shifter, plus a solo seat with convertible passenger pillion.", 
92 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FLSTN/I Softail Deluxe has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. The most defining features for this model are the black, powder-coat finish on the engine, the chrome engine covers, the hard-tail styling with hidden, horizontal rear shocks, a new, clear-lens, reflector-optics auxiliary lamps, wide, whitewall tires, laced wheels, a chrome oil tank, a chrome shotgun exhaust, pull-back risers and handlebars, a chrome luggage rack and seat rail, a tombstone taillight, a distinctive headlight nacelle, rider floorboards with heel-and-toe shifter and a new, easy-reach sidestand. ", 
93 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FLSTS Heritage Springer Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, that can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm.


This machine comes with features such as a springer front fork, a full front fender, a hard-tail look in the rear with an adjustable and hidden monoshock suspension, a dual seat, a chromed pea-shooter exhaust system, a chromed headlight, classic, two-tone paint schemes and a blacked-out steel frame.", 
94 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450, Twin Cam 88B powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. It comes standard with studded leather saddlebags and rider seat, full fenders with chrome accents, a low, two-up seat with pillion backrest, a big, chrome headlight and passing lights, a classic, hard-tail styling with a cleverly hidden monoshock, plus a wrinkle black and chrome finish on its engine.", 
95 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FLSTSC Softail Springer Classic sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features on this model include leather, hard saddlebags,a solo seat, a Springer front telescopic fork, laced-steel wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, a beach-style handlebar, big floor boards, a detachable passenger pillion, a tombstone taillight, a crossover exhaust system, and a patent badge on the oil tank.", 
96 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FLSTN Softail Deluxe sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This classic-inspired machine can take on the roles of a leisure, boulevard cruiser, as well as offer enough comfort and storage space to be used as a weekend and even vacation touring machine. 


It comes standard with a large, detachable windshield, hard, lockable saddlebags, laced-steel wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, a massive front fork, long-barreled shotgun pipes, a tombstone taillight, a sculpted chrome headlight and nacelle, a lowered rear suspension and seat, a pullback riser and bar, generous floor boards, plus fuel tank and fender emblems. ", 
97 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Softail Fat Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with machined, solid-disc wheels with wide tires mounted on them, a fat, FL front telescopic fork, a big, chromed headlight and nacelle, large, rider floor boards, a shotgun exhaust system, lots of chrome plating and a dual seat.", 
98 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FXSTD Softail Deuce has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


The highlights for the Deuce are the raked-out front fork with a chrome riser and low-rise handlebar, a straight-cut dragster rear fender, a stretched fuel tank, a full-length chrome console, a Badlander seat, chrome fender supports, a large, 21" front wheel, a 17" solid rear wheel with a wide 160mm tire mounted on it, plus lots of chrome embellishments.", 
99 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Springer Softail has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin engine that can reach a peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm, and is paired to a five-speed manual transmission. 


This machine boasts a trademark MoCo styling, and comes standard with a 21", laced-steel front wheel, a Springer front telescopic fork, a low-rise handlebar, a Badlander seat, a classic, bobtail fender, lots of chrome embellishments, a tank-mounted instrument panel and lots of paint schemes to choose from.", 
100 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB Softail Night Train is a minimalist cruiser that is sure to appeal to a wide variety of riders, from the younger and more adventurous who want a big-bore cruiser, to the more nostalgic ones, that still want asphalt-crunching capabilities out of their machine. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm.


Standard features on this machine include a black tank console, black rear fender supports, a black air cleaner cover, a black oil tank, a black, powder-coated engine finish with wrinkle-black covers, a Badlander seat, forward-mounted foot controls, a drag-style handlebar, and an optional Profile laced wheel.", 
101 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FXST Softail Standard has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque. It comes standard with a silver, powder-coat finish to its engine, a raked, FX telescopic front fork, laced-steel wheels, a horseshoe oil tank, a far rear tire, a classic, bobtail rear fender, a hardtail look with a hidden monoshock, plus chrome embellishments.", 
102 "The House of Milwaukee has designed a special Anniversary version of the Fat Boy, in the embodiment of the 2005 MY Harley Davidson FLSTFI 15th Anniversary Fat Boy, to celebrate 15 of production of this bulky and imposing cruiser. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1550cc, Twin Cam 95 powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 130 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include a 24K gold-plated tank emblem, an unique, Badlander-inspired, double-stitched seam seat, a gold-striped air cleaner cover, timer cover and ignition switch plate, a big, chrome headlight and nacelle, rider floor boards, a fat front fork, plus solid-disc wheels with wide tires mounted on them.", 
103 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FLSTS Heritage Springer Classic is the new addition to the "Softail" family, and is sure to appeal to the more experienced and nostalgic among MoCo fans, thanks to the springer front fork, as well as other classic design touches, which makes this machine seem like a restored, 1950's motorcycle.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, that was mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm.", 
104 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson Softail Springer has been fitted with features such as a hard-tail rear suspension with a hidden monoshock, a springer front fork, beach handlebars, a chromed headlight, a dual seat, laced wheels, a rear luggage rack, a blacked-out steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and analogue instrumentation dials.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1449cc, 45-degree V-twin engine that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive and can reach a maximum power output of 63 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.", 
105 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FXST Softail Standard has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. Standard features include a silver, powder-coat finish on its engine, a hardtail styling with a hidden, horizontal rear shock, laced-steel wheels, a black, horseshoe oil tank, a bobtail fender, pull-back handlebar risers, forward-mounted foot controls, a security system, and a choice between a classic carburetor or a new, Electronic Sequential Port Fuel Injection (ESPFI).", 
106 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB Softail Night Train sports an air-cooled, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It has been designed especially for riders who prefer a blacked-out, more aggressive look on their two-wheeler, and comes standard with features such as the black, powder-coat finish on the engine with wrinkle-black and texture-black covers, a laced, 21" front wheel and a rear disc wheel, a Badlader seat, drag-style handlebars, 6" straight handlebar risers, forward-mounted foot controls, a blacked-out console, rear fender supports, air cleaner and oil tank, a choice between a carburetor or an Electronic Sequential Port Fuel Injection (ESPFI) and a lower-effort clutch.", 
107 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Springer Softail sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. Standard features include a low-rise handlebar, chromed, Springer front forks, laced-wheels, forward-mounted foot controls, a Badlander seat, a black, powder-coat finish on the engine, chrome engine covers, a chrome tank console, rear fender supports, air cleaner and oil tank. In addition, it offers a choice between a classic carburetor or the new, Electronic Sequential Port Fuel Injection (ESPFI) system. ", 
108 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FXSTD Softail Deuce is a more simple power-cruiser, that offers the possibility to be customized to fit more specific needs from a wide variety of accessories, and addresses both the more nostalgic among riders, and the young or more adventurous. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include a stretched tank, a laced-steel front wheel, a disc rear wheel with a 160mm tire mounted on it, chromed front forks, pull-back risers and fender supports, a low-rise handlebar, a full-length, chromed tank console, a black, powder-coat finish on the engine, chrome engine covers, and offers a choice between a classic carburetor and a more modern Electronic Sequential Port Fuel Injection (ESPFI) system.", 
109 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. The highlights for this model are the fat, FL front forks, solid-disc front and rear wheels with fat tires mounted on them, rider floor boards, an FL rear fender, a large, chrome headlight with fork nacelle, lots of paint schemes and also offers a choice between a classic carburetor and a modern Sequential Port Fuel Injection (ESPFI) system.", 
110 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. House Milwaukee has designed this machine for riders with a taste for classic cruisers, capable of going the extra mile.


The highlights for this model are the studded leather saddlebags and rider seat, a passenger backrest, a detachable, kink-size Lexan windshield, a touring handlebar, a full FL front fender with chrome accents, chromed passing lamps, directional light bar and hub cover, laced steel wheels, and offers a choice between a classic carburetor or a more fuel-efficient Electronic Sequential Port Fuel Injection (ESPFI) system.", 
111 "If you're on the market for an American cruiser, but have a taste for the retro-styled ones that also offer a low seat height and a more comfortable riding position, then the 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Softail Springer may be the right choice for you. It boasts a maximum power output of 63 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Also, it comes with features such as a hard-tail rear suspension with a hidden monoshock, a springer front fork, beach handlebars, a chromed headlight, a dual seat, laced wheels, a rear luggage rack, a blacked-out steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and analogue instrumentation dials.", 
112 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXST Softail Standard has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


This machine boasts a hardtail styling with hidden horizontal rear shocks, a silver, powder-coated engine, laced wheels, a black, horseshoe oil tank, a bobtail fender, pull-back handlebar risers and forward-mounted foot controls.", 
113 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB Night Train is a blacked-out power cruiser addressed for riders who prefer a more aggressive machine. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with a laced front wheel, a disc rear wheel, a Badlander seat, drag-style handlebars, 6" straight handlebar risers, forward-mounted foot controls, a black, powder-coat finish on the engine with wrinkle-black and texture-black covers, plus a blacked-out finish on the tank console, rear fender supports, air cleaner and oil tank.", 
114 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Springer Softail is a classic-inspired cruiser that also offers modern comfort and safety levels. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque.


The key features on this machine would be the chrome, Springer front forks, the laced wheels, the chrome tank console, rear fender supports, air cleaner and oil tank, the buckhorn handlebar and the forward-mounted controls. ", 
115 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. This large, muscular machine comes standard with solid-disc front and rear wheels with fat tires mounted on them, rider floor boards, an FL front fender, a large, chrome headlight with a fork nacelle, fat, FL front forks, a black, powder-coat finish to the engine and chrome engine covers.", 
116 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FXSTD Softail Deuce sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. It comes standard with a stretched fuel tank, a full-length chrome tank console, a laced front wheel, a disc rear wheel with a 160mm wide tire mounted on it, chromed front forks, pull-back risers and fender supports, a low-rise handlebar, plus a black, powder-coat finish on the engine and chromed engine covers.", 
117 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FLSTS Heritage Springer is a classic-inspired machine that also offers modern levels of comfort and safety. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include laced-steel wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, a two-piece, two-up seat, leather-covered saddlebags, a classic, two-tone paint scheme, plus lots of chrome embellishments.", 
118 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission, that can reach is peak torque of 115 Nm at 3000 rpm. 


This machine is especially addressed for the more nostalgic among MoCo fans, and comes standard with a detachable, king-size Lexan windshield, a passenger backrest, studded-leather saddlebags and rider seat, a touring handlebar, a full FL front fender with chrome accents, plus chromed passing lamps, directional light bar and hub cover.", 
119 "The American engineers from House Milwaukee have launched yet another embodiment of its retro-styled cruiser, the 2002 MY FXSTS Softail Springer. This machine has at its heart a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, that can produce a claimed 63 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.


It also boasts standard fittings such as a hard-tail rear suspension with a hidden monoshock, a springer front fork, beach handlebars, a chromed headlight, a dual seat, laced wheels, a rear luggage rack, a blacked-out steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and analogue instrumentation dials.", 
120 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FXST Softail Standard sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin engine paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 107 Nm at 3000 rpm. The features worth mentioning on this machine are the laced wheels, the black, horseshoe oil tank, a bobtail fender, a hard-tail styling with hidden, horizontal rear shocks and a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine.", 
121 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB Night Train is a blacked-out power-cruiser suitable for the more adventurous among House Milwaukee fans. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 107 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm.


Standard features on this machine include a laced front wheel, a disc rear wheel, a two-up, Badlander seat, drag-style handlebars, a black tank console, rear fender supports, air cleaner and oil tank, plus a black, powder-coat finish on the engine, with wrinkle-black and texture-black covers.", 
122 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS/FXSTSI Springer Softail sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 106 Nm of torque at 3200 rpm. 


It comes standard with chromed, Springer front forks, laced wheels, a buckhorn handlebar, forward-mounted foot controls, a chromed tank console, rear fender supports, air cleaner and oil tank, plus a black, powder-coat finish on its engine plus chrome engine covers.", 
123 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF/FLSTFI Fat Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission  and can produce a claimed 107 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with fat, front and rear tires, rider floor-boards, a FL rear fender, fat, FL front forks, solid-disc front and rear wheels, a large headlight with a fork nacelle, and a black, powder-coat finish on its engine with chromed engine covers.", 
124 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FXSTD/FXSTDI Softail Deuce has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc,Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed, 107 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with a laced front wheel, a disc rear wheel, a full-length chrome tank console, a 160mm wide rear tire, chromed bullet turn-signals, fender supports, risers and front forks, a flat-track style handlebar, a stretched fuel tank and a black, powder-coat finish on its engine with chrome engine covers.", 
125 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FLSTS/FLSTSI Heritage Springer sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


The key features for this machine are the chrome, Springer front forks, a full-floating front fender with a running light, leather saddlebags with quick detach buckles, fishtail mufflers, fat, whitewall tires, a tombstone taillight, a passenger pillion with a chrome hand rail and laced wheels. ", 
126 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC/FLSTCI Heritage Softail Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin engine paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm.


This classic-inspired features boasts standard features such as the detachable, king-size, Lexan windshield, the passenger backrest, touring handlebars, a full FL front fender with chrome accents, chromed passing lamps, directional light bar and hub cover, 50's style leather saddlebags with quick-detach buckles, plus a black, powder-coat finish on its engine and chrome engine-covers.", 
127 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXST/FXSTI Softail Standard is the basic Softail machine, and is especially addressed to riders who want a more personal touch in their machine, thanks to the wide variety of accessories and optional features it comes with.


It sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission that can produce 107 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. It comes with a silver, powder-coated engine, a hard-tail styling with hidden, horizontal rear shocks, laced wheels, a black, horseshoe oil tank and a bobtail fender. ", 
128 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB/FXSTBI Night Train sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. 


This machine mainly addresses riders who prefer a blacked-out look on their cruisers, and comes standard with a Badlander seat, drag-style handlebars, a laced front wheel, a disc rear wheel, a black, powder-coat finish on its engine and engine covers, plus blacked-out tank console, rear fender supports, air cleaner and oil tank.", 
129 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS/FXSTSI Springer Softail is a retro-styled cruiser from the MoCo, sure to fit the taste for the more nostalgic among House Milwaukee fans. Standard features include a full floating front wider with a running light, leather saddlebags, fishtail mufflers, laced wheels with wide whitewall tires mounted on them, a tombstone taillight, a passenger pillion with a chrome hand rail, chrome, Springer front forks and a black powder-coat finish on its engine.


In the tech/engine department it sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque.", 
130 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF/FLSTFI Fat Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin engine paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. 


The key features for this bulky cruiser are the solid-disc, front and rear wheels, the fat, FL front forks, fat tires, rider floor-boards, an FL rear fender, a shotgun exhaust, broad handlebars, a large headlight with a fork nacelle plus a black, powder-coat finish on its engine with chrome engine covers.", 
131 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXSTD/FXSTDI Softail Deuce sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque.


It comes standard with a stretched fuel tank, chromed front forks, a full-length, chrome tank console, a laced front wheel, a disc rear wheel, a 160mm wide rear tire, chrome risers, fender supports and bullet turn signals, low-rise, flat, track-style handlebars and a black, powder-coat finish on its engine plus chrome engine covers.", 
132 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FLSTS/FLSTSI Heritage Springer sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.


The key features for this machine would be the full, floating front fender with a running light, chromed, Springer front forks, leather saddlebags, fishtail mufflers, laced wheels with wide, whitewall tires mounted on them, a tombstone taillight, plus a passenger pillion with a chrome hand rail.", 
133 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC/FLSTCI Heritage Softail Classic is a retro-styled power cruiser that also has touring-enhancing features, sure to fit the needs for a wider variety of riders. At its heart lies an air-cooled, Twin Cam 88B V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


It comes standard with studded-leather saddlebags and rider seat, a detachable, king-size, Lexan windshield, a passenger backrest, touring handlebars, a full, FL front fender with chrome accents, chrome passing lamps, directional light bar and hub-cover, plus a black, powder-coat finish on its engine.", 
134 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Softail Springer was created by the American engineers as a retro-styled cruiser, that can accommodate a wide category of rider inseams and arm lengths. It comes with a hard-tail rear suspension with a hidden monoshock, a springer front fork, beach handlebars, a chromed headlight, a dual seat, laced wheels, a rear luggage rack, a blacked-out steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and analogue instrumentation dials.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 63 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.", 
135 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Softail Springer boasts a maximum power output of 63 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


It also comes with features such as a hard-tail rear suspension with a hidden monoshock, a springer front fork, beach handlebars, a chromed headlight, a dual seat, laced wheels, a rear luggage rack, a blacked-out steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and analogue instrumentation dials.", 
136 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXST/FXSTI Softail Standard sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. 


This machine comes standard with a hard-tail look, a cleverly hidden rear monoshock, laced wheels, a custom seat, a wide handlebar, a raked front fork, and lots of chrome embellishments. It was intended mainly for riders who want an open palette for customization, thanks to a wide variety of accessories and optional features.", 
137 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB/FXSTBI Night Train sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. 


This two-wheeler is suitable for riders who prefer a blacked-out look on their machine, and comes standard with a minimalist seat, stainless-steel, drag-style handlebars, a wide, raked front fork, a 21" laced front wheel, plus a blacked-out finish on its engine.", 
138 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS/FXSTSI Springer Softail sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. 


It comes standard with a Springer front fork, a full-floating gender, a classic horn, tooled-leather saddlebags and dual seat, cross-over exhaust pipes with dual fishtail mufflers, a tombstone taillight, and wire-spoke wheels with wide, whitewall tires mounted on them.", 
139 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF/FLSTFI Fat Boy sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. 


It comes standard with a FL-style front fork, a chrome-black engine finish, a newly-designed shotgun exhaust, full-sized rider floorboards, brad handlebars, a chrome headlamp, a new rear fender, a textured-leather seat insert and a hand-laced, leather tank panel.", 
140 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FXSTD/FXSTDI Softail Deuce has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission that can produce a claimed 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque. 


This machine boasts standard features such as the new, stretched fuel tank with an integrated instrumentation panel, a new fender, fully-chromed front forks, a stacked, shotgun exhaust system, a new flush tail light, plus a wide, 160mm rear tire.", 
141 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FLSTS/FLSTSI Heritage Springer has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and produces 63 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque. 


This classic-styled cruiser boasts standard features such as the Springer front fork, a classic horn, a full, floating fender, a classic tooled leather seat, cross-over exhaust pipes with dual, fishtail mufflers, a tombstone taillight plus laced wheels with wide, whitewall tires mounted on them.", 
142 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC/FLSTCI Heritage Softail Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant that can produce 63 horsepower and 106 Nm of torque, and is paired to a five-speed manual transmission. 


The key features for this machine would be the detachable windshield, a fat, front fork, classic, studded-leather saddlebags, a chrome, studded-leather rider seat, full, rider floor-boards, a large chrome headlamp with twin passing lamps, a Fat Bob fuel tank, and fishtail mufflers.", 
143 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Softail Springer has received in the engine department, and has, at it its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1449cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 63 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque.


In addition, it has standard fittings such as a hard-tail rear suspension with a hidden monoshock, a springer front fork, beach handlebars, a chromed headlight, a dual seat, laced wheels, a rear luggage rack, a blacked-out steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and analogue instrumentation dials.", 
144 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB/FXSTBI Night Train sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 115 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm.


House Milwaukee has designed this machine for those riders who want a more aggressive, blacked-out overall design, and comes standard with a Badlander seat, drag-style handlebars, a laced front wheels and a disc rear wheel, plus a black finish in its engine, the tank console, the rear fender supports, the air cleaner and the oil tank.", 
145 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson DLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic has been created by the American engineers as a retro-styled cruiser, sure to fit the taste for the more nostalgic among riders, as well as for those who want to go the extra mile. 


It has been equipped with a large, detachable windshield, a studded-leather, dual seat with lumbar support for the rider and a passenger backrest, a full front fender with chrome trim, a chromed, staggered, shorty exhaust system with dual mufflers, analogue instrumentation diaks, studded-leather saddlebags and laced wheels.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
146 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy comes with features such as solid-disc, cast-aluminium wheels, a pea-shooter, chromed, dual exhaust system, a dual seat, a chromed, round headlight, a blacked-out, steel frame, wide, beach handlebars, a 39mm, chromed, telescopic front fork coupled to dual hidden shocks in the rear, a hardtail look plus chrome and black accents on its engine.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1338cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 56 horsepower and 97 Nm of torque.", 
147 "The 1998 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS has standard features such as a hard-tail rear suspension with a hidden monoshock, a springer front fork, beach handlebars, a chromed headlight, a dual seat, laced wheels, a rear luggage rack, a blacked-out steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and analogue instrumentation dials.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 55 horsepower and 111 Nm of torque.", 
148 "The 1997 Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1338cc, 45° V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 56 horsepower and 97 Nm of torque. 


It comes standard with a disc front and rear wheels, a retro, hardtail look with dual, hidden shocks, a two-up seat, a beefy, low-slung, FL front fork, "beach-bar" handlebars, chrome-plating on the exhaust, the engine and the engine covers, plus a classic, two-tone paint scheme.", 
149 "The 1998 MY Harley Davidson DLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic boasts a maximum power output of 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm from its four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


In addition, it has been fitted with studded-leather, soft saddlebags, a studded-leather dual seat, a passenger backrest, a small windscreen, laced wheels, full-coverage fenders with chrome accents, chromed engine accents and engine covers, plus a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust. ", 
150 "The 1997 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Softail Springer has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, that can reach a maximum power output of 55 horsepower and 111 Nm of torque. 


In addition, it has been fitted by the American engineers with features such as a hard-tail rear suspension with a hidden monoshock, a springer front fork, beach handlebars, a chromed headlight, a dual seat, laced wheels, a rear luggage rack, a blacked-out steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and analogue instrumentation dials.", 
151 "The American engineers from the MoCo have launched yet another embodiment of its Heritage Softail Classic, for those riders who want a classic American cruiser, that is also capable of tackling the longer hauls as well. 


It has standard features such as studded-leather, soft saddlebags, a studded-leather dual seat, a passenger backrest, a small windscreen, laced wheels, full-coverage fenders with chrome accents, chromed engine accents and engine covers, plus a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust. 
", 
152 "The 1997 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy is a big, American cruiser that is sure to turn heads no matter where one rides it. It has, at its heart, a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1338cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 56 horsepower and 97 Nm of torque.


In addition, it has been fitted with solid-disc, cast-aluminium wheels, a pea-shooter, chromed, dual exhaust system, a dual seat, a chromed, round headlight, a blacked-out, steel frame, wide, beach handlebars, a 39mm, chromed, telescopic front fork coupled to dual hidden shocks in the rear, a hardtail look plus chrome and black accents on its engine.", 
153 "The 1996 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Softail Springer is a retry-styled cruiser, that also boasts a small seat height, so it can easily accommodate riders with a small inseam and arm length. It comes with a springer fork, a hardtail look with a hidden monoshock rear suspension, laced wheels, front and rear disc brakes, a dual seat, a blacked-out, steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, high handlebars, chromed engine covers and an analogue instrument cluster.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 55 horsepower and 111 Nm of torque.", 
154 "The 1996 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic has been fitted with studded-leather, soft saddlebags, a studded-leather dual seat, a passenger backrest, a small windscreen, laced wheels, full-coverage fenders with chrome accents, chromed engine accents and engine covers, plus a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust. 


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
155 "The 1996 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy comes with features such as slotted-disc, cast-aluminium wheels, two-up seat with passenger backrest, a rear luggage rack, a chromed front fork, a retro, hardtail look with a hidden mono-shock, a front disc brake coupled to a rear drum, a dual exhaust system, a chromed headlight with auxiliary lights and a black and silver finish on its engine.


This trademark American cruiser is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 48 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
156 "The 1995 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Softail Springer boasts a maximum power output of 55 horsepower and 111 Nm of torque from its four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin engine that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


In addition, it has fittings such as a springer fork, a hardtail look with a hidden monoshock rear suspension, laced wheels, front and rear disc brakes, a dual seat, a blacked-out, steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, high handlebars, chromed engine covers and an analogue instrument cluster.", 
157 "The 1995 MY Harley Davidson FXSTB Softail Bad Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm.


Also, it has been fitted with features such as laced wheels, a studded-leather dual seat, an analogue instrumentation panel, a chromed headlight, wide handlebars, dual front disc brakes coupled to a single disc in the rear, a 39mm telescopic front fork in the front and dual shocks in the rear, forward-mounted foot controls and a chromed dual exhaust system with pea-shooter mufflers.", 
158 "The 1994 Harley Davidson FLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic is a retro-styled cruiser, that can take on the role of a touring machine, as well as trivial tasks such as evening boulevard strolls. At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm. 


Standard features include laced wheels with beefy tires mounted on them, full-coverage fenders with chrome accents, a studded-leather dual seat and saddlebags, a passenger backrest, a detachable windscreen, plus chrome-plating on the exhaust, front forks and the engine.", 
159 "The 1995 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy is a power cruiser that combines both modern and classic design features, into a machine that is sure to fit the taste of a wide variety of riders. At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1338cc, 45° V-Twin engine paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 48 horsepower at 5000 rpm. 


The key features for this machine are the disc front and rear wheels, the dual seat with a passenger backrest, a rear luggage rack, a black and silver engine finish, a chromed front fork and exhaust system, ape-hanger handlebars, plus bulky tires.", 
160 "The 1994 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Softail Springer has been fitted with a springer fork, a hardtail look with a hidden monoshock rear suspension, laced wheels, front and rear disc brakes, a dual seat, a blacked-out, steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, high handlebars, chromed engine covers and an analogue instrument cluster.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1340cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, that can produce a claimed 55 horsepower and 111 Nm of torque. ", 
161 "The 1994 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic is a retro-styled cruiser, that has been equipped to suit the needs for those riders who want to spend as much time as possible in the saddle. It has, at its heart, a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-twin ppowerplant, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Also, it comes with studded-leather, soft saddlebags, a studded-leather dual seat, a passenger backrest, a small windscreen, laced wheels, full-coverage fenders with chrome accents, chromed engine accents and engine covers, plus a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust. ", 
162 "The 1994 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1338cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach produce a claimed 48 horsepower at 5000 rpm.


In addition, it has standard fittings such as slotted-disc, cast-aluminium wheels, two-up seat with passenger backrest, a rear luggage rack, a chromed front fork, a retro, hardtail look with a hidden mono-shock, a front disc brake coupled to a rear drum, a dual exhaust system, a chromed headlight with auxiliary lights and a black and silver finish on its engine.", 
163 "The 1993 MY Harley Davidson FXSTS Softail Springer has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1340cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 55 horsepower and 111 Nm of torque. 


This retro-styled machine comes standard with a springer fork, a hardtail look with a hidden monoshock rear suspension, laced wheels, front and rear disc brakes, a dual seat, a blacked-out, steel frame, a chromed, dual pea-shooter exhaust system, high handlebars, chromed engine covers and an analogue instrument cluster.", 
164 "The 1993 MY Harley Davidson Heritage Softail Classic boasts a maximum power output of 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm from its four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


In addition, it has been fitted by the American engineers with studded-leather, soft saddlebag, a studded-leather dual seat, a passenger backrest, a small windscreen, laced wheels, full-coverage fenders with chrome accents, chromed engine accents and engine covers, plus a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust. 
", 
165 "The 1993 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy boasts a maximum power output of 48 horsepower at 5000 rpm from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1338cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Also, it has been fitted with features such as slotted-disc, cast-aluminium wheels, two-up seat with passenger backrest, a rear luggage rack, a chromed front fork, a retro, hardtail look with a hidden mono-shock, a front disc brake coupled to a rear drum, a dual exhaust system, a chromed headlight with auxiliary lights and a black and silver finish on its engine.", 
166 "The 1992 MY Harley Davidson Heritage Softail Classic has been fitted with studded-leather, soft saddlebag, a studded-leather dual seat, a passenger backrest, a small windscreen, laced wheels, full-coverage fenders with chrome accents, chromed engine accents and engine covers, plus a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust. 


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can could produce a claimed 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
167 "The 1992 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy comes with features such as slotted-disc, cast-aluminium wheels, two-up seat with passenger backrest, a rear luggage rack, a chromed front fork, a retro, hardtail look with a hidden mono-shock, a front disc brake coupled to a rear drum, a dual exhaust system, a chromed headlight with auxiliary lights and a black and silver finish on its engine.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1338cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 48 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
168 "The 1990 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45° V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm. 


It comes standard with studded-leather, soft saddlebag, a studded-leather dual seat, a passenger backrest, a small windscreen, laced wheels, full-coverage fenders with chrome accents, chromed engine accents and engine covers, plus a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust. ", 
169 "The 1991 MY Harley Davidson FLSTF Fat Boy has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1338cc, 45° V-Twin engine paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 48 horsepower at 5000 rpm. Standard features include disc front and rear wheels, a two-up seat with passenger backrest, a rear luggage rack, a chromed front fork, a retro, hardtail look with a hidden mono-shock, plus a black and silver finish on its engine.", 
170 "The 1990 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic has been fitted with a chromed, dual shorty exhaust system, a sculpted dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, ape-hanger handlebars, laced wheels, a raked-out front end, a hard-tail look, analogue instrumentation dials, front and rear disc brakes and a small, chromed headlight.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
171 "The 1989 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC Heritage Softail Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm.


In addition, it comes with  chromed, dual shorty exhaust system, a sculpted dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, ape-hanger handlebars, laced wheels, a raked-out front end, a hard-tail look, analogue instrumentation dials, front and rear disc brakes and a small, chromed headlight.", 
172 "The House of Milwaukee has launched the 1987 Harley Davidson FLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic especially for the more nostalgic among riders. It sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45° V-Twin engine that produces 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm and is mated to a five-speed manual transmission. 


This retro-styled machine can be considered a tribute for the golden age of American cruisers, but with all the perks that come with more modern technologies, such as the increased comfort offered by the hidden rear monoshock suspension, without affecting the old-school, hardtail look of the machine. In addition, it comes standard with lace-spoked wheels, full-coverage fenders, a chrome exhaust system, and a dual seat.", 
173 "The 1987 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic comes with features such as a chromed, dual shorty exhaust system, a sculpted dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, ape-hanger handlebars, laced wheels, a raked-out front end, a hard-tail look, analogue instrumentation dials, front and rear disc brakes and a small, chromed headlight.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
174 "The 1986 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic boasts a maximum power output of 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Also, it has been fitted with a chromed, dual shorty exhaust system, a sculpted dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, ape-hanger handlebars, laced wheels, a raked-out front end, a hard-tail look, analogue instrumentation dials, front and rear disc brakes and a small, chromed headlight.", 
175 "The 1985 MY Harley Davidson FLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic comes with features such as a chromed, dual shorty exhaust system, a sculpted dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, ape-hanger handlebars, laced wheels, a raked-out front end, a hard-tail look, analogue instrumentation dials, front and rear disc brakes and a small, chromed headlight.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
176 "The 1984 Harley Davidson FLSTC 1340 Heritage Softail Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 58 horsepower at 5000 rpm.


This machine has been designed for the more nostalgic among MoCo fans, and comes standard with lace-spoked wheels, ape-hanger handlebars, a classic, hardtail look, a hidden monoshock rear suspension, a dual seat with lumbar support for the rider, and a staggered, dual shorty exhaust system.", 
