1 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom boasts a maximum power output of 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Standard fittings for this machine include forward-mounted foot controls, wide handlebars, an analogue instrument cluster, an one-piece, two-up seat, a chromed, small headlight, adjustable shock aborbers as a rear suspension, a laced, 21" wheel in the front and a solid disc wheel in the rear, front and rear disc brakes and a blacked-out, steel frame.", 
2 "The Evolution engine riding in the nimble Sportster frame is a prime example of the power, durability and proven reliability The Motor Company was built on. Born from the legendary Shovelhead and Ironhead engines, it’s been the power at the center of a Sportster motorcycle since 1984. Its overhead valve design and four-cam gear train have their roots in the company’s race program, and you know it when you feel the surge of brute torque that accompanies every twist of the throttle. The air-cooled V-Twin design with a compact one-piece crankcase/transmission fits the narrow Sportster profile like a fist in a fingerless glove. We began with a strong, trouble-free design. Then gave it constant refinement to bring us to the modern powerplant of today. A testament to the unwavering hunger for advancement in motor technology that has always driven Harley-Davidson.", 
3 "The street is the home turf of the Sportster motorcycle, and a narrow, agile frame wrapped around a strong V-Twin engine has always been its calling card. To see how far we’ve taken this basic equation, get in the saddle of any 2017 Sportster model. Trust us, the list of constant innovations and refinements you experience on the Sportster motorcycle of today is more than you want to read about here. The latest innovation includes suspension on every model, with cartridge emulsion rear shocks and a screw adjuster to further dial in the handling. It all feels tight and right, bringing confidence to the ride and a grin to the rider. Whether you’re rocketing to the next stoplight, threading through the urban grid, or busting out of the city limits to parts unknown.", 
4 "The Sportster 1200 Custom model has plenty to back up its street brawling attitude. You’ve got 1200cc of world-famous H-D low-end torque to motivate you down the asphalt and a comfortable seat and suspension to make it all feel just right. And classic custom detailing, featuring black finishes complimented by chrome. Stand out on any street in the world. ", 
5 "The 2017 Forty-Eight motorcycle comes at you with more low-slung Dark Custom attitude than ever, from its fat front end to its cast aluminum wheels. The first time the world saw this iconic 2.1-gallon gas tank was in 1948. But the world has never seen it sitting atop anything quite like this. The Forty-Eight. Designed with its signature bulldog stance and the powerful 1200cc Evolution engine. Large 49mm front forks, an adjustable rear suspension, cast aluminum wheels with floating rotors and powerful brakes bring plenty of handling and comfort to all this heavy-hitting style.
", 
6 "The street is the home turf of the Sportster motorcycle, and a narrow, agile frame wrapped around a strong V-Twin engine has always been its calling card. To see how far we’ve taken this basic equation, get in the saddle of any 2017 Sportster model. Trust us, the list of constant innovations and refinements you experience on the Sportster motorcycle of today is more than you want to read about here. The latest innovation includes suspension on every model, with cartridge emulsion rear shocks and a screw adjuster to further dial in the handling. It all feels tight and right, bringing confidence to the ride and a grin to the rider. Whether you’re rocketing to the next stoplight, threading through the urban grid, or busting out of the city limits to parts unknown.", 
7 "The new Roadster brings a new level of premium features the Sportster line-up. Its refined package includes 43mm inverted front forks with massive triple clamps, powerful dual-disc front brakes, premium rear suspension and new digital gauge instrumentation to complement the iconic fuel tank and chopped rear fender. The riding position is aggressive, but comfortable for long rides thanks to the 19" front and 18” rear offset-split 5-spoke cast aluminium wheels, lowered bars, mid-mount controls and a new two-up seat. Its 45-degree, 1200 cc engine delivers massive off-the-line torque. ", 
8 "There is something about the steady pulse of power from an air-cooled Twin Cam 103 engine that works its way into a rider and won’t let go. Once you’ve experienced it you understand. Nothing else in the world of motorized transportation could be as satisfying. There are perfectly rational explanations for this. The lightweight piston design and refined delivery of power. The strong driveline and bulletproof internal parts. The way engine and 6-Speed Cruise Drive transmission work flawlessly together to carry you down the highway at a relaxed, easy-riding rpm. But rational explanations never go far enough. What you feel when the power of this engine pulls you down the road toward the vanishing point is the legacy of the Flathead, Knucklehead, Panhead, Shovelhead, Evolution, Twin Cam 88 and Twin Cam 96 engines that came before. It’s something no ordinary engine can deliver.", 
9 "There is something about the steady pulse of power from an air-cooled Twin Cam 103 engine that works its way into a rider and won’t let go. Once you’ve experienced it you understand. Nothing else in the world of motorized transportation could be as satisfying. There are perfectly rational explanations for this. The lightweight piston design and refined delivery of power. The strong driveline and bulletproof internal parts. The way engine and 6-Speed Cruise Drive transmission work flawlessly together to carry you down the highway at a relaxed, easy-riding rpm. But rational explanations never go far enough. What you feel when the power of this engine pulls you down the road toward the vanishing point is the legacy of the Flathead, Knucklehead, Panhead, Shovelhead, Evolution, Twin Cam 88 and Twin Cam 96 engines that came before. It’s something no ordinary engine can deliver.", 
10 "The beauty of the Milwaukee-Eight engine is that the Harley-cognizanti will be able to immediately tell that the Street Glide has the new 107 engine, while, to people with a more limited knowledge of the bike, will immediately know it is a Harley. The M-E takes the classic lines of the Twin Cam engine and makes them simultaneously more muscular and slimmer. While the Motor Company’s engineers say that the primary focus of the engine shapes was weight reduction (to allow for the increased weight of the new components in the engine), they also focused on maintaining and updating the Big-Twin’s iconic style.", 
11 "The option of flames on the tank tells you all you need to know about the Wide Glide motorcycle. This is old school motorcycle defiance to the core, from the wide fork straddling a 21” laced wheel to the Tommy Gun exhaust. It continues all the way back to the minimalist black wire sissy bar. Twist the wick and you learn one more thing. Not one ounce of the insubordinate attitude is just there for show.", 
12 "In 1977, when the first Harley-Davidson Low Rider rolled off the line, it pushed the limits of factory custom design to a place they’d never been. Now, the Low Rider S is taking the genre to a raw and powerful new edge. We mounted our Screamin’ Eagle Twin Cam 110 engine in a nimble Dyna chassis and installed a heavy breather intake. We added tall bars, mid-mount controls and a new seat that position arms up and out and feet square, along with premium front and rear suspension, giving the rider everything required to put the massive power to good use. We stripped down and blacked-out the rest with gold accents like the tank badge and pinstripe and matching split five-spoke cast aluminum wheels. Get behind the fixed speed screen and hang on.", 
13 "The air-cooled 45 V-Twin engine at the heart of every Softail model is a prime example of what makes a Harley-Davidson motorcycle more satisfying than anything else. Its clean, uncluttered shape fits perfectly in the downtubes of the frame. Twist the throttle and the surge of torque hits you exactly where it counts. The knowledge of what makes an engine truly move a rider runs deep at The Motor Company, and it’s been put to particular good use to power the Softail family. We counterbalance the engine, which means we can bolt it directly to the frame. It keeps the styling tight at the center of the bike. It lets the rider feel the pulse of the V-Twin. Yet there aren’t any vibrations rattling the fillings out of your teeth. The Softail family gets a power upgrade to the High Output Twin Cam 103B engine. More power is always a Harley-Davidson tradition.", 
14 "The 2016 Harley-Davidson Fat Boy model runs with the aid of the High Output Twin Cam 103B engine, a new air cleaner cover with the HO 103 badging, the Bullet Hole Disc wheels comes with the mirror chrome, while the console is chrome as well as the over/under exhaust and headlamp. It has several colors and pinstriping to appease your taste, comes standard with Anti-Lock Braking System (<span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span>) and a fat 200 millimeter rear tire.", 
15 "The Heritage Softail Classic drips with the nostalgia of days gone by, but that’s only half of the equation for the rider of today. The hidden suspension gives you the authentic look without the bone-shaking ride of an old Hardtail. You get the comfort of cruise control for those long stretches of pavement. And best of all, the High Output Twin Cam 103B engine. We’re not about to re-invent this look. But we never stop re-inventing the ride.", 
16 "The Softail Deluxe model keeps it classy while bringing in some fat custom style of its own. Pure nostalgic beauty wrapped around modern power and performance, the bike offers an abundance of unique chrome features. Its iconic look includes Steel Laced wheels, chrome hubcaps and wide whitewall tires, a nod to the ‘50s boulevard look. ", 
17 "The Breakout model is inspired by the classic Gasser drag cars of the ‘50s and ‘60s. Its flawless stretched styling, fat rear tire and crowd-stopping finishes coupled with drag bars, a low-slung stance, and raw engine power make the Breakout® model the around-town, custom motorcycle riders want in their garages. ", 
18 "The bobber style of the Softail Slim model gets dialed up with the Screamin’ Eagle® Air-Cooled Twin Cam 110B engine, black triple clamp and riser, gloss black headlamp ring, black fork slider covers, black lower forks, black and mirrors, black over/under shotgun exhaust with slash cut mufflers, and optional military themed graphics. The Softail Slim S. Modern power. Old iron attitude.", 
19 "This takes dark to a new level. A powerful one. New gloss black Screamin’ Eagle Air-Cooled Twin Cam 110B engine, gloss black lower forks, axle nut covers, handlebar and riser. Black brake lever and hydraulic clutch assembly. Black over/under shotgun exhaust with slash cut mufflers. Take our word for it, it is blacked out from front to back and head to toe in attitude.", 
20 "Like everything on a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, there’s a story behind the 1250cc Revolution engine powering the bikes in our V-Rod series. This one starts on the racetrack, with the company’s VR1000 superbike engine. Watching it roar around the track got the gears turning on a way to bring the same sort of high-end performance to the street. So the story takes us to Germany, and a unique collaboration with legendary automaker Porsche and their world-renowned team of engineers. The final result? Dual overhead cams. Four-valve heads. Liquid cooling. A velvety smooth delivery of power all the way up to redline. In short, the industry’s most perfect blend of torque and horsepower in a revolutionary high-revving V-Twin design. There couldn’t be anything more uniquely Harley-Davidson than that.", 
21 "The 2017 Night Rod Special motorcycle is pure aggression from fast back tail section to streamlined front end, built around a liquid-cooled V-Twin engine stuffed full of racing-derived serious business like dual overhead cams, 4-valve heads and velocity stacks feeding its double barrel exhaust. In other words, things happen when you twist the throttle. Better if it all happens under the cover of darkness.", 
22 "The Road King is where stripped down, nostalgic style meets the performance and versatility of a modern Harley-Davidson® touring machine. The Hiawatha headlamp and nacelle were born in the 1960’s, when chrome ruled the streets. But the power of the all-new Milwaukee-Eight 107 engine brings it all into the here and now in a hurry. The all-new double bending valve front suspension and rear emulsion shocks put you in control for a plush ride. With cast aluminum Impeller wheels and one-touch opening saddlebags, this is the timeless classic built for today.", 
23 "The sound of the Harley-Davidson 45-degree V-Twin rings through the history of motorcycling in an unbroken line stretching back to 1909. Each one improving on the one before it. Iconic. Durable. Unmistakable in their sound. Unparalleled in their muscular look. Unmatched in the feeling they deliver to the rider. And now we’re proud to introduce the most powerful Harley-Davidson engines ever built: The all-new Milwaukee-Eight 107 and Milwaukee-Eight 114 engines. The next generation Harley-Davidson V-Twin comes to our touring line. The next era of power, performance and innovation has been forged.", 
24 "If your dream is to go big, this could be the one for you. The Road Glide Ultra motorcycle combines the most wind-cheating fairing ever devised with the full complement of Harley-Davidson touring features, starting with an all-new Twin Cooled™ Milwaukee Eight 107 engine, all-new suspension and powerful Reflex linked Brembo brakes. You get a Tour-Pak luggage carrier and saddlebags that open with one hand. The top of the line infotainment system. And mind-blowingly comfortable ride for your passenger. All built around the aggressive look of the Road Glide. ", 
25 "If you’re the kind who wants it all, the Ultra Limited gives it to you. From the powerful all-new Twin-Cooled Milwaukee-Eight 107 engine, right down to the heated handgrips. The unmistakable Batwing fairing and Splitstream air vent mean optimal air flow and reduced head buffeting. Premium BOOM! Box 6.5 GT touchscreen infotainment and navigation allow rider and passenger to ride to any soundtrack they choose. Electronic cruise control, Reflex Linked Brembo brakes with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span>, dual LED Daymaker headlamps, a premium Tour-Pak carrier, which can house both rider and passenger helmets, luggage rack, improved seat and one-touch saddlebags all come standard. Which means the ride you’ll experience is anything but standard.", 
26 "The CVO Pro Street Breakout gives you dark style and premium finishes with show-stopping paint. You get an Aggressor wheel mounted to a 240mm rear tire, forward controls, a race-inspired seat and low handlebar. A Screamin’ Eagle® Twin Cam 110B engine with a heavy breather intake, inverted forks and dual-disc front brakes mean the performance matches the power of its style.", 
27 "The House of Milwaukee has launched the 2016 MY Harley Davidson Superlow for riders who want a comfortable riding position on their cruiser. High handlebars, an extra low seat height and mid-mounted controls ensure a higher level of comfort for the rider, no matter the inseam and arm length. Technology-wise, it comes with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, ergonomic hand controls, a Foundation braking system, and a closed loop exhaust system, which improves performance. 


At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, Evolution powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 70 Nm of torque at 3750 rpm. ", 
28 "The Harley Davidson Iron 883 has seen an upgrade for the 2016 MY, and has been fitted with a new suspension package, formed by an Emulsion rear shock with screw pre-load adjuster and a more brawny fork with cartridge dampening up front, new, machined, blacked-out nine-spoked wheels and a new, more comfortable saddle, which increase its desirability among Harley fans and not only. 


At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, Evolution powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 71 Nm of torque at 3750 rpm.", 
29 "As all the models in the Sportster series, the 2016 MY Harley Davidson 1200 Custom has received an upgrade in the suspension department, which makes this new model more comfortable, as well as more maneuverable. In addition, the two-up custom seat has been revised for a higher level of comfort for both rider and pillion, and increases the long haul capabilities of this machine. 


In all other departments, it comes with the same parts and specs as its previous embodiment, such as the air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, Evolution powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 96 Nm of torque at only 3750 rpm.", 
30 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Superlow 1200T sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, Evolution powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, that produces 96 Nm of torque at 3750 rpm. The House of Milwaukee has designed this machine for riders who want a comfortable riding position, combined with a cruiser look and increased power. Lots of chrome embellishments, a teardrop fuel tank, an extra low seat height, raised handlebars and a quick release windshield make this one of the favorite models in the Sportster family.", 
31 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Forty-Eight has been redesigned, making it even more aggressive and increases its desirability. Besides the revised suspension package, which can be found throughout the Sportster series, the Forty-eight has also been fitted with a lower seat height, a more aggressive overall appearance and new cast aluminium wheels. 


In all other departments, it remains unchanged, and has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, Evolution engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission, that produces 96 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm.", 
32 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Seventy-two sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 96 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. The defining features of this machine are the Hard Candy Custom flake paint scheme, the peanut-shaped fuel tank, classic, skinny whitewall tires, and a 21" front wheel. In addition, it comes with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, ergonomic hand controls, a Foundation braking system and a closed loop exhaust system.", 
33 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson 883 Roadster boasts state-of-the-art technology in a classic-looking package, following the proven House Milwaukee recipe. It sports an air-cooled, 883cc Evolution engine which produces 70 Nm of torque. With modern tech like <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> combined with big 300mm rotors, you know the Roadster can safely take one to the intended destination, yet it still retains that classic MoCo looks, with all the electronics being carefully hidden. 


In the aesthetics department, it comes with a classic, tapered peanut style fuel tank, with custom Harley-Davidson checkered flag racing graphics, and is sure to turn heads in any situation. ", 
34 "A low-seat, high-handlebar classic-lookging cruiser, following the MoCo recipe to the letter, that's the best way to describe the 2015 MY Harley Davidson Superlow. Featuring the proven 883cc, air-cooled Evolution engine, it has a max-torque of 70 Nm, more than enough to rocket this two-wheeler no matter the road conditions. In the comfort department, besides the low seat-height, this machine features an unique rear suspension, with lower and longer travel, without sacrificing seat height. Also, the 18/17 inch front and rear wheels, mounted with Michelin Scorcher tires ensure nimble and easy handling, at high and low speeds alike.  ", 
35 "With a minimalist design and satisfying performance numbers, the 2015 MY Harley Davidson Iron 883 is a great mid-sized cruiser, especially addressed for those riders who value classic, almost bobber-like looks in a 21st century motorcycle. The two-wheeler sports features like standard <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span>, a H-D smart security system and a single, handlebar-mounted, analog speedometer, all in accordance with the overall minimalist look. 


On the tech/engine side, it is equipped with the proven, air-cooled, 883cc Evolution powerplant, which delivers 70 Nm of torque at 3750 rpm, more than enough for a mid-sized cruiser like the Iron 883. ", 
36 "When you look at the new 2015 MY Harley Davidson 1200 Custom, the first thing that catches your eye is the front fork. With a fat, chopper-like look, is is attached with a thick triple clamp and ends with a beefy front tire, mounted in a 16 inch steel laced wheel. The air-cooled, 1202cc Evolution powerplant is mated to a five speed manual transmission and produces 96 Nm of torque. The overall look of the bike is superb, in accordance to the House Milwaukee recipe. ", 
37 "For the new 2015 MY Harley Davidson Superlow 1200T, House Milwaukee have taken the best from both the touring and the cruiser worlds, and created a superb piece of American engineering and technology. Embelished with lots of chrome, and proudly displaying a "1200 Sportster" badge on the air cleaner cover, you can't help but admire the exquisite craftsmanship and attention to detail that the MoCo have put in the build of this machine.", 
38 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Forty-eight sports a 1202cc, air-cooled Evolution engine that produces 98 Nm of torque, enough to tackle all kinds of roads, from motorways to steep, uphill mountain roads. It has all the modern technology found on its Sportster siblings, but with some visual features that really set it apart from the flock: the drag-style, blacked-out handlebars with under mount mirrors, the back end is as lean and clean as possible, with a minimalist look, plus the Hard Candy Custom paint scheme, which adds to the uniqueness of the Forty-eight in the world of cruiser production motorcycles. ", 
39 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Seventy-two shares most of its specs with the other models from the Sportster family, yet it has its own personal style, that can't be ever confused for something else. The mini ape-hanger handlebars, the retro air cleaner cover, whitewall tires mounted on lace-spoked wheels, a classic-looking rear with modern technology smartly hidden within its minimalist look, a peanut-shaped fuel tank, plus a Hard Candy Custom paint, which comes in three different colors, Cancun Blue, Big Red or Quicksilver, all succeeding in giving this awesome two-wheeler the one-of-a-kind look we have grown to expect from MoCo over the years.", 
40 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson 883 Roadster brings forth the proven MoCo recipe of classic, good-looks and great, 21st century performance and reliability. It sports an air-cooled, 883cc Evolution powerhouse that produces 70 Nm of power, mated to a sturdy, five-speed manual transmission. On the tech side, it has revised brakes, standard <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> and a new closed loop exhaust system.


Visually-wise, it has a classic, tapered peanut style fuel tank with exclusive racing graphics, and black, thirteen-spoke cast aluminium wheels, which add a touch of uniqueness to this roadster. ", 
41 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Superlow sports a 883cc, air-cooled Evolution lump, mated to a five-speed, manual transmission. The engine produces its peak torque of 70 Nm at 3750 rpm, which translates into lots of power either for motorway fast passes, or low-level grunt for sinuous mountain road climbing. In the tech department, the Superlow boasts the very best the MoCo has to offer, such as <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span>, a revised brake system, a new closed loop exhaust system and an unique rear suspension which is lower and has longer travel. 


In the aesthetics department, you get classic House Milwaukee looks, with a teardrop fuel tank, lots of chrome accents and a high quality paint scheme that really makes the machine stand out from the flock. ", 
42 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Iron 883 presents itself as a minimalist, modern package, but with a certain hint of classic roadsters, like all Harleys are. It sports a 883cc, air-cooled Evolution powerhouse that boasts 70 Nm at 3750 rpm, which may not sound too powerful. Still, its moderate 245 kg dry weight makes it a mid-sized cruiser that's fairly easy to steer even in crowded traffic.


As was expected from the House Milwaukee, they have fitted it with the latest technologies developed, such as <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span>, a revised brake system, a new closed loop exhaust system and some new ergonomic hand controls. Visually, the bike is very pleasing, in a less-is-more kind of way, with thirteen-spoked cast aluminium wheels, a classic peanut fuel tank and handlebars inspired from drag motorcycles. It has an overall blacked-out, raw look, most of the flashy chrome being replaced with an aggressive, dark powder-coat.", 
43 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson 1200 Custom brings classic looks in a modern package, suitable for riders of different experience levels and with a particular taste for classic American cruisers. It sports an air-cooled, 1202cc Evolution powerplant that can produce 96 Nm of torque. This American thoroughbred engine is powerful enough to provide the rider with a thrilling, fast ride on the highway , but also gritty enough to make riding two-up and fully-loaded a breeze. 


Technology-wise, the 1200 Custom features a closed loop exhaust system, bigger brake discs with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, and ergonomic hand controls, all designed to make life easier for the rider. And when it comes to looks, few can match the classic look of the Harley, with its lace spoked wheels, a fat front end and high quality paint schemes, this machine is sure to turn heads no matter where one rides it. ", 
44 "For riders who like to spend as much time as possible behind the bar, Harley Davidson have launched the 2014 MY Superlow 1200T, which comes standard with a windscreen and hard saddlebags. It sports an air-cooled, 1202cc Evolution lump capable of producing 96 Nm at 3750 rpm. This translates into lots of grunt from the early stages of power delivery, to make steep, mountain climbs no more straining than a stroll down the boulevard. 


Other features such as split, five-spoke, cast aluminium wheels, the classic teardrop fuel tank, <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span>, the closed loop exhaust system and a new console with speedometer, tachometer and gear indicator, plus a custom finish in the paint scheme show just how much attention to detail House Milwaukee put in this machine.", 
45 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Forty-eight sports an air-cooled, 1202cc Evolution powerhouse that produces 96 Nm at 3750 rpm. It also features some state-of-the-art technologies like anti locking, upgraded brakes, a new closed loop exhaust system and redesigned ergonomic hand controls, all to make life behind the bars as easy as possible. 


On the visual side of things, the looks are dominated by a far front tire, mounted on a lace-spoked wheel, at the end of a beefy front fork. The slammed handlebars have under mount mirrors, for an authentic drag-style look, while the rear end has been kept as clean as possible. The Hard Candy Custom paint adds an one-of-a-kind touch to this machine.", 
46 "The 2014 MY Harley Davidson Seventy-two sports the iconic, 1202cc, air-cooled Evolution engine, which produces 96 Nm of torque, and is mated to a sturdy five-speed, manual transmission. Other features such as the revised brake system, <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> and the closed loop exhaust system also play their part in making this cruiser so responsive and sound so good. 


In the aesthetics department we can find a mini ape-hanger handlebar, a retro air cleaner cover, classic whitewall tires mounted on laced wheels, a minimalist rear end, and the trademark peanut fuel tank, plus a Hard Candy Custom paint, with custom-like finishes. The bike is available in Chrome Flake, Voodoo Purple Flake, Volcanic Orange, Black Denim or Amber Whiskey. ", 
47 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Superlow sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution powerplant that can produce 75 Nm at 3500 rpm. The engine is mated to a five-speed manual transmission. All the perks of 21st century technologies are packed in a classic cruiser, the two-wheeler being a preferred choice for nostalgic riders who still want all the comfort and safety a modern bike has to offer.


Aesthetically, the first thing that catches your eye are the blacked-out, ten-spoked cast wheels, and the blacked-out frame, which contrasts with the chrome finishes on the engine, gearbox cover and  the front fork. Being a House Milwaukee machine, it features its trademark hand-finished paint scheme, with stylish lines that will make this machine stand out in any crowd. ", 
48 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Iron 883 sports the proven, 883cc, air-cooled Evolution engine, that produces 75 Nm of torque. The machine combines classic features such as the classic peanut fuel tank, a chromed exhaust system, a one-up seat and a chopped rear fender, with modern, aggressive ones, such as the blacked-out finish on the frame, front fork, engine. This combination of classic and modern gives the bike an aggressive touch, without straying too far from the trademark MoCo recipe of timeless American looks and engineering. 



", 
49 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson 1200 Custom sports an air-cooled, 1202cc, Evolution powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and is capable of producing 107 Nm of torque. This cruiser has a classic styling with modern performance and safety features, thanks to the trademark MoCo recipe. The seat height is low and, combined with the pull-back handlebar, gives the rider a comfortable, chopper-like stance and allows him to firmly put his foot aground when stopping  at traffic lights. 


In the aesthetics department, the machine has a hand-finished paint scheme, like all House Milwaukee machines, which gives it an elegant touch. The five-spoked, chromed wheels add a touch of uniqueness, helping this two-wheeler distinguish itself among its Sportster siblings. Whether cruising down the boulevard or on a weekend, across-country trip, the 1200 Custom is always up for the task.", 
50 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson Forty-Eight has a number of features that set it apart from the other models in the Sportster series. A beefy, telescopic front fork, a wide, 130mm tire mounted on a 16" lace-spoked steel wheel, a low profile custom handlebar with under-mounted mirrors and a chopped rear fender, the usual MoCo recipe. In fact, except for the classic peanut fuel tank, all the other design features on the Forty-Eight make it a modern, aggressive, fresh-looking cruiser, which is sure to appeal to the younger fans of House Milwaukee machines.


On the tech/engine side of things, it sports the proven, 1200cc, air-cooled Evolution powerplant mated to a dependable five-speed transmission. The engine boasts an impressive 107 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. ", 
51 "Sporting a big, 21", lace-spoked, chromed steel front wheel, the 2013 MY Harley Davidson Seventy-two is probably one of the most unique models in the Sportster family, with lots of chrome-embellished elements, such as the rear fender struts, the rear shocks, the air cleaner cover, and the dual exhaust with slash-cut mufflers. Also, the whitewall tires add a classic touch to the custom look of this machine.


At its heart lies the dependable, 1200cc, air-cooled, Evolution powerhouse, mated to a five-speed manual transmission. The engine boasts 107 Nm of torque. This makes this two-wheeler suitable for both boulevard strolls, as well as weekend trips across-country. ", 
52 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson 1200 Custom 110th Anniversary sports the same, dependable, air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution lump mated to a five-speed manual transmission as the base 1200 Custom. The engine produces 107 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. For the 110th Anniversary version, the engineers at the MoCo have fitted a solid bronze tank medallion and air cleaner cover trim ring, a chrome-plated timer cover with cloisonné insert and derby cover with forged solid bronze trim ring, a serialization badge and H-D Smart security system as standard, to ensure the uniqueness of every machine. ", 
53 "The 2013 MY Harley Davidson XL883L Sportster Police has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution powerplant that boasts 74 Nm of torque and is mated to a dependable, five-speed manual transmission. As all the models from the MoCo that are intended for law enforcement use, it has several improvements that increase performance and comfort, such as the special latches in the saddlebags, to facilitate access while behind the bars, a longer travel rear suspension with updated tuning for increased comfort, a 4.5 gallon fuel tank for increased range, a final drive ratio for smooth, off-the line acceleration, and 18"/17" front and rear tires for improved maneuverability at lower speeds. ", 
54 "The 2012 MY Harley-Davidson XL883L Sportster 883 SuperLow has, at its heart, an air-cooled, Evolution powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This cruiser boasts an upgrade it its visual department, consisting of new black side covers which match the bodywork finish and can also be purchased in a new black paint and graphic scheme. 


This mid-sized cruiser comes standard with black, split five-spoked wheels, an easy-reach handlebar, a revised rear suspension, a chrome exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, a full-coverage rear fender with painted supports, a sport front fender and a polished headlamp visor.", 
55 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson XL883N Iron 883 is a blacked-out, bobber-inspired cruiser, which is sure to fit the taste for riders who want a more aggressive yet minimalist MoCo machine. It comes standard with a hand-finished, classic, peanut-shaped fuel tank, mid-mounted controls, blacked-out, split five-spoked cast wheels, a drag-style handlebar, new black side covers, a chopped rear fender with black supports, a side-mounted license plate, a solo seat and black fork slider and gaiters. 


At its heart lies an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 75 Nm of torque. ", 
56 "The 2012 MY Harley-Davidson XL1200V Seventy-Two sports an air-cooled, 1202cc, Evolution powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 99 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. In addition, this classic-inspired cruiser comes with lace-spoked wheels, mini-ape hanger handlebars, classic, peanut fuel-tank, and lots of chrome embellishments on the fork, the exhaust, the rear shock absorbers and the engine accents. 


The MoCo has designed this machine for both nostalgic and more adventurous riders, boasting a superb blend of classic design with cleverly hidden 21st century technology, craftsmanship and subtle details, to address as wide a variety as possible.", 
57 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson XL1200X Forty-Eight sports an air-cooled, 1202cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 400 rpm. It addresses riders who want a more clean look to their machine, with no unnecessary visual embellishments. 


Inspired from the 60's cafe racers and bobers, this machine comes with a solo seat, a chopped rear fender, slammed handlebars with a speedometer and under-mount mirrors, a wide front tire, a chromed exhaust system, and a number of blacked-out parts that give it an inconspicuous aggressiveness.", 
58 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson XL1200C Sportster 1200 Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1202cc, Evolution powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, that reaches a peak torque of 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. This machine was designed for riders who want an asphalt-crunching cruiser that has a clean overall look. 


The most defining features for this machine are the chromed, five-spoked, cast aluminium wheels, the wide fork spacing and triple clamps, a pull-back handlebar, the polished, forward-mounted foot controls, the two-up seat, and the chrome plating on the engine, exhaust and forks. ", 
59 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson XL1200N Nightster is a powerful, bobber-like cruiser, designed for riders who prefer an aggressive, blacked-out look, on their minimalist machine. It comes standard with lace-spoked wheels,  a drag-style handlebar, a classic, peanut-shaped, hand-finished fuel tank, mid-mounted controls, a chopped rear fender with black supports, a chopped front fender with black brackets, black fork sliders and gaiters, an one-up seat, black hand and foot controls, a side-mounted licence plate and a chromed exhaust with slash-cut mufflers.


At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1202cc, Evolution engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm.", 
60 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson XR1200X sports an air cooled, 1202cc, Evolution powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a top torque of 100 Nm at 4000 rpm. It comes standard with features such as the light-weight, gloss-black, cast-aluminium three-spoked wheels with an orange highlight, a cast-aluminium swingarm, a Showa fully adjustable rear shock absorbers, Showa front fork, Nissin dual front disc-brakes and a wide, low-rise handlebar.", 
61 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson XL 883L Sportster 883 SuperLow sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This power cruiser, besides offering a comfortable riding position, is suitable for riders who want a menacing machine, whether for boulevard strolls, or longer, week-end trips across country. 


It comes standard with blacked-out, split five-spoked cast wheels with machined rims, an easy-reach handlebar, a revised rear suspension with 2.5" of wheel travel, the engine has been powder-coated in silver and has polished covers, a chromes exhaust system with dual staggered shorty mufflers, a full-coverage rear fender with painted supports, a sport front fender and a polished headlamp visor. ", 
62 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson XL 883N Iron 883 is a blacked-out, aggressive and bulky power cruiser designed to suit the taste for the more adventurous among MoCo fans. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. 


It boasts an all-black design, except for the chromed exhaust system with slash-cut mufflers, and comes standard with low front and rear suspensions, a classic fuel tank, lace-spoked wheels with chrome spokes and black hubs, chopped front and rear fenders, a belt guard with lightening holes, a solo seat, blacked-out hand and foot controls and a low-rise handlebar.", 
63 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200L Sportster 1200 Low sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. This low cruiser is suitable for those riders who want a simple yet menacing machine, capable of both evening boulevard strolls and highway hauls across country. 


It comes standard with a black, powder-coated engine with chromed covers, a chrome exhaust system with dual staggered shorty mufflers, a stretched fuel tank, black, 13-spoked, cast aluminium wheels, full-coverage rear fender with black supports, an one-piece, two-up Sportster seat, a black headlamp body with chrome visor and trim ring, plus a stainless steel, pull-back handlebar on a chrome, 1" riser.", 
64 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200N Nightster sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution engine paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. It has a minimalist yet effective design, as most MoCo power cruisers, and is sure to be an eye-catcher almost in every gathering, without being too flamboyant. 


Standard features include a chromed exhaust system with slash-cut mufflers, lowered front and rear suspensions, a classic fuel tank, blacked-out, lace-spoked wheels, chopped front and rear fenders, a belt guard with lightening holes, black for sliders and gaiters, a solo seat, black hand and foot controls, a side-mounted licence plate, plus a black low-rise handlebar.", 
65 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson Forty-Eight sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. This bulky machine may take on the roles of a powerful daily commuter, an evening stroller through city boulevards and even weekend hauls across the highway. 


It comes standard with beefy tires, mounted on large, 16", lace-spoked wheels with blacked-out rims, a slammed rear suspension, a classic, peanut-shaped fuel tank, chopped fenders, blacked-out components, a solo seat, a low-profile custom handlebar, under-mounted mirrors, plus a side-mounted licence plate.", 
66 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson XR1200X sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 100 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. This machine is the closest thing to a naked roadster from the MoCo and boasts comparable agility and ease of use, while still keeping true to the MoCo cruiser recipe. 


It comes standard with a Showa Big Piston Front fork (BPF) and Showa rear shocks, which significantly increase its maneuverability and comfort, a Nissin dual front disc braking system, a 2-1-2 exhaust system, large, 18/17 front/rear three-spoked aluminium wheels, a wide-set handlebar, plus a compact instrument cluster.", 
67 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson XL1200C Custom H-D1 Sportster sports an air-cooled, 1202cc, Evolution V-twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. This machine addresses riders who want a brawny machine, with a minimalist yet effective overall design, capable of inspiring awe at any gathering, without drawing too much attention. 


Unlike its previous embodiments, it comes standard with chromed, five-spoked, cast aluminium wheels, new Micheling Scorcher 31 tires, a wider fork spacing and polished triple clamps, a reshaped classic "eyebrow" over the headlamp, a new taillight, and new front suspension rates which have been re-tuned ti match the new tire/wheel combination.", 
68 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson XL 883L Sportster Superlow has been fitted by the American engineers with cast-aluminium wheels, a low suspension package both in the front and in the rear, mid-mounted foot controls, a low solo seat, a new, low-profile front fender, a blacked-out, steel frame, wide, reduced-reach handlebars, an easy reach sidestand and a classic fuel tank.


Also, it can produce a claimed 68 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque from its rubber-mounted, air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.", 
69 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson XR1200 sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 100 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. Unlike the rest of the MoCo line-up, this machines has been designed to closely resemble a naked two-wheeler, but still keeping true to its American cruiser heritage. 


It comes standard with a race-derived suspension package, composed of a Showa inverted front fork and Showa dual shock absorbers in the rear, dual disc brakes in the front, wide, low-rise handlebars, black, three-spoked, cast aluminium wheels, and an instrument cluster with a large tachometer in the center and a compact, digital speedometer.", 
70 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 1200 Custom XL1200C sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 107 Nm at 4000 rpm. It is a minimalist machine, but still one that keeps true to the House Milwaukee style and design, and is still sure to stand out in any crows. 


Standard features include a chrome exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, a stretched fuel tank with a polished stainless steel console, a large, 21", chromed and laced front wheel, a chrome, slotted disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a full-coverage rear fender with chrome supports, a chrome bullet headlamp, a stainless steel, low-rise handlebar and chrome pull-back riser. and forward-mounted controls for increased comfort.", 
71 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 1200 Low XL1200L sports an air-cooled, 1202cc, Evolution V-twin engine that can reach a peak torque of 107 Nm at 4000 rpm, and is paired to a five-speed manual transmission. This model mainly addresses those who have a smaller inseam and arm length, as well as riders who simply wand a more comfortable riding position, thanks to it's 28" seat height and the mid-mounted controls.


Highlights for this model are the chrome exhaust with dual staggered shorty mufflers, a stretched fuel tank, black, 13-spoke cast aluminium wheels, a full coverage rear fender with black supports, a black headlamp body with chrome visor and chrome trim ring, pull-back handlebars, plus black, powder-coated engine accents with chrome covers.", 
72 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson 1200 Nightster XL1200N sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. This blacked-out cruiser addresses riders who want a more minimalist touch to their machine, with subtle yet effective design elements, which are sure to fit the taste for a wide variety of riders. 


It comes standard with a chrome exhaust with slash-cut mufflers, a lowered suspension package, a classic fuel tank, blacked-out, lace-spoked, steel wheels with chrome spokes, a chopped front fender with black brackets, a chopped rear fender with black supports, black hand and foot controls, a side-mounted licence plate, a black low-rise handlebar and black riser, plus black powder-coating on the engine.", 
73 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 883 Iron XL883N sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 74 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This machine has one of the smallest engines in the 2010 House Milwaukee line-up, but that doesn't make it any less fun. 


This machine tips the scale at only 248 kg, and boasts standard features such as the chrome exhaust with dual, straight-cut mufflers, a lowered suspension package, a classic, 3.3 gallon fuel tank, blacked-out, 13-spoked wheels, a chopped rear fender with black supports, a black belt guard, black fork sliders and black fork gaiters, a solo seat, black hand and foot controls, a side-mounted licence plate and blacked-out, drag-style handlebars with a black riser.", 
74 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 883 Low XL883L sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This machine mainly addresses those riders who want a low, laid-back riding position, as well as those who have a smaller inseam and arm-length, but still want a trademark MoCo two-wheeler. 


This model's highlights are the silver, powder-coated engine with polished covers, a chrome exhaust with dual stagered shorty mufflers, a lowered suspension package, a classic fuel tank, silver, 13-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, a full-coverage rear fender with chrome supports, a solo seat, a black headlamp with a polished visor and a chrome trim ring, plus a stainless steel, pull-back handlebar and a black riser. ", 
75 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Sportster Forty-Eight sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. It is the newest addition to the House Milwaukee 2010 line-up, and addresses a wide variety of riders, thanks to its design which incorporates classic and modern cruiser elements. 


The highlights for this model are the solo seat with a low, 26" seat height, the fat tires, the 16" blacked-out, black steel laced wheels, the under-mounted mirrors, a telescopic fork with wide triple clamps, a chopped front fender, a chopped rear fender, a side-mounted licence plate, a peanut-shaped fuel tank, and a lowered suspension package. ", 
76 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom boasts a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque from its rubber-mounted, air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Also, it comes with a sliver, powder-coat finish on its engine and engine covers, a new rear axle and a stiffer swingarm, a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, a chromed pull-back handlebar and chromed rider, a laced, 21" front wheel coupled to a solid disc wheel in the rear, an one-piece, two-up seat, and forward-mounted foot controls.", 
77 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson XL 883L Sportster Superlow has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, rubber-mounted, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 68 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.


Standard features include cast-aluminium wheels, a low suspension package both in the front and in the rear, mid-mounted foot controls, a low solo seat, a new, low-profile front fender, a blacked-out, steel frame, wide, reduced-reach handlebars, an easy reach sidestand and a classic fuel tank.", 
78 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson XR1200 is one of the most unique machines in the House Milwaukee line-up, successfully combining the trademark MoCo cruiser look with the minimalism of a naked two-wheeler. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1202cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 100 Nm at 4000 rpm. 


Standard features include black, three-spoked cast aluminium wheels, a wide black, dirt track handlebar, a stainless steel, 2-1-2 straight shot exhaust system with a satin chrome finish, dual Nissin front brake discs, a sport-tuned 43mm Showa inverted fork, Showa dual shock absorbers in the rear, plus rear set foot pegs for additional cornering clearance.", 
79 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 1200 Custom XL1200C sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and reaches its peak torque of 107 Nm at 4000 rpm. This machine is suitable for riders who want a simple but also intimidating cruiser, suitable for both day to day use and weekend strolls through the mountains, on the highway or in the countryside. 


Unlike its previous embodiment, the 2009 model comes with new front fenders and a revised suspension package. Also, it comes with a chrome, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a large, 21", chrome laced steel front wheel, a wide, polished handlebar on chrome pull-back risers, an one-piece, two-up seat and forward-mounted foot controls. ", 
80 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 1200 Low XL1200L sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. This low cruiser is addressed for riders who want a low seat height and a more comfortable riding position, as well as for those with a smaller inseam and arm length. 


The highlights for this model are a revised suspension package, new front fenders, black, 13-spoked, cast-aluminium wheels, a wide handlebar on pull-back risers, an one-piece, two-up Classic seat, chrome staggered shorty dual exhaust, mid-mounted foot controls, black fender strut covers, plus an integrated chrome gauge housing and handlebar clamp.", 
81 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 1200 Nightster XL1200N is a blacked-out cruiser suitable for the more adventurous among House Milwaukee fans. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm.


As all the models from the Sportster family, it comes with a revised suspension package, and new front fenders. Other features include black, laced steel wheels, black, low-rise handlebar, a solo seat, chrome, slash-cut, staggered shorty dual exahust system, black, mid-mount foot controls, a side-mounted licence plate, bullet-hole belt guard and front fender supports, and black front forks with gaiters.", 
82 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 883 Custom XL883C sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. It has one of the smallest displacements in the MoCo line-up and mainly addresses riders who want a more agile machine with a trademark House Milwaukee overall design. 


It comes standard with a large, chromed, 21", laced steel front wheel, new front fenders, a new, lighter, silver solid disc, cast aluminium wheel, a chrome, low-rise handlebar on a pullback riser, an one-piece, two-up seat, a chrome, staggered shorty dual exhaust, forward foot controls and a 4.5 gallon fuel tank.", 
83 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 883 Low XL883L sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This low cruiser is one of the most maneuverable and agile machine, as well as one of the lightest, and addresses a wider variety of rider inseams and arm length.


It comes standard with new front fenders, a revised suspension package for increased cornering abilities as well as more rider comfort, silver, 13-spoke cast aluminium wheels, a wide, reduced-reach polished handlebar, a reduced-reach solo seat, chrome staggered shorty dual exhaust system, mid-mount foot controls, plus a 3.3 gallon fuel tank.", 
84 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 883 Iron XL883N sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission that can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This aggressive cruiser is suitable for riders who want a more dark finish on their machine, with all of its components blacked-out, except for the chromed exhaust. 


The highlights for this model are the chrome staggered shorty exhaust with dual mufflers, the side-mounted licence plate holder, an one-piece, solo seat, a 25.3" seat height, and blacked-out mid-mount foot controls, low profile front fender, chopped rear fender, low-rise, drag-style handlebar and front fork, plus the fuel tank with an unique graphic scheme.", 
85 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson XL 883 Sportster 883 has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. It comes standard with new tank graphics, silver, powder-coated engine with polished treatment, siver, 13-spoke cast-aluminium wheels, a low-rise handlebar, a classic solo seat, a chrome, staggered shorty dual exhaust, mid-mounted foot controls, and a classic fuel tank. ", 
86 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson 883 Custom sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 75 Nm at 3500 rpm. This machine comes with a large, 21", chrome laced-steel front wheel, a silver, powder-coated engine with polished treatment, new tank graphics, a silver, solid disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a chrome, low-rise handlebar mounted on a pullback riser, an one-piece, two-up classic seat, a chrome, staggered shorty dual exhaust, low-profile rear shocks, forward foot controls, and a 4.5-gallon fuel tank.", 
87 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson XL 883L Sportster 883 Low has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. The highlights for this model are the silver, powder-coated engine with polished treatment, a lowered suspension package, new tank graphics, silver, 13-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, wide, reduced-reach, polished handlebar, a reduced-reach solo seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a mid-mount foot controls, an easy-reach side-stand and a classic 3.3 gallon fuel tank.", 
88 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200L Sportster 1200 Low sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. It comes with a black, powder-coated engine with chrome treatment, black, 13-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, a wide handlebar on pull-back riders, an one-piece, two-up classic seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a low-profile suspension package, mid-mounted foot controls, an integrated chrome gauge housing and handlebar clamp, black fender strut covers plus a 4.5 gallon fuel tank.", 
89 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200R Sportster 1200 Roadster sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. Standard features on this machine, such as the black, powder-coated engine with wrinkle-black treatment, new tank graphics, black, 13-spoke cast-aluminium wheels, a dirt track polished handlebar, an one-piece, two-up classic seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, mid-mount foot controls, triple-disc brakes and a high-mount tachometer.", 
90 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200N Sportster 1200 Nightster sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission that can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. This model's highlights are the chrome, slash-cut, staggered shorty dual exhaust system, black, mid-mount foot controls, a lowered suspension package, black, laced steel wheels, a medium gray, powder-coated engine with polished covers, a black, low-rise handlebar, black front forks with gaiters, a bullet-hole belt guard and front fender supports, plus a side-mount licence plate holder.", 
91 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson XL1200C Sportster 1200 Custom sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin engine mated to a six-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. Standard features include new tank decoration and cloisonné, a black, powder-coated finish to the engine and a chrome treatment, chrome, laced steel, 21" front wheels, a chrome, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a wide, polished handlebar on pull-back risers, an one-piece, two-up classic seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, forward-mounted foot controls, low-profile rear shocks, and a polished fuel tank console.", 
92 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson XL1200C Sportster 1200 Custom 105th Anniversary Edition has been designed to celebrate 105 years of Harley Davidson tradition, and comes with a special paint scheme. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 107 Nm at 4000 rpm. 


It comes standard with a large, 21", chrome laced steel front wheel, a chrome, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, a wide, polished handlebar in chrome pull-back risers, a chrome staggered shorty dual exhaust, a lowered rear suspension, forward-mounted foot controls, a polished fuel tank console, a chrome bullet headlight and a 4.5 gallon fuel tank.", 
93 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom has been fitted with a sliver, powder-coat finish on its engine and engine covers, a new rear axle and a stiffer swingarm, a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, a chromed pull-back handlebar and chromed rider, a laced, 21" front wheel coupled to a solid disc wheel in the rear, an one-piece, two-up seat, and forward-mounted foot controls.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, that can produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.", 
94 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson XL 883L Sporster Superlow has been fitted with cast-aluminium wheels, a low suspension package both in the front and in the rear, mid-mounted foot controls, a low solo seat, a new, low-profile front fender, a blacked-out, steel frame, wide, reduced-reach handlebars, an easy reach sidestand and a classic fuel tank.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, rubber-mounted, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 68 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.", 
95 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom boasts a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Standard fittings include a sliver, powder-coat finish on its engine and engine covers, a new rear axle and a stiffer swingarm, a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, a chromed pull-back handlebar and chromed rider, a laced, 21" front wheel coupled to a solid disc wheel in the rear, an one-piece, two-up seat, and forward-mounted foot controls.", 
96 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 883L Sportster boasts a maximum power output of 68 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


In addition, it comes with a wide, polished handlebar, a low, solo seat, new fuel tank graphics, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, mid-mounted foot controls, a classic fuel tank, a lowered suspension system, both in the front and in the rear and a silver powder-coat finish on its engine and its engine covers.", 
97 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200N Nightster sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 107 Nm at 4000 rpm. This low, power cruiser boasts a more modern and blacked-out design, which is sure to fit the taste for the more adventurous among MoCo fans. 


The highlights for this model are the lowered suspension package, the black front forks with gaiters, a bullet-hole, rear belt guard and front fender clamps, a black, low-rise handlebar, a side-mounted licence plate holder, black, mid-mounted controls, black-rimmed, laced steel wheels, plus a chrome, staggered, shorty, slash-cut dual exhaust system.", 
98 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson 50th Anniversary Sportster Limited Edition has been designed to honor 50 years of House Milwaukee Sportster series production. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm.


It boasts a serialized name plate with the "50th" logo on top handle bar clamp, a new, gold, "50th" emblem on the 3.3-gallon peanut fuel tank, a new, "H" side cover silk screening, plus an embroidered seat noting 50 years of production. Other features, such as the chrome, laced-steel front wheel, a new fender striping, a single disc front brake, lowered rear shocks, plus a chrome headlamp bucket and eyebrow.", 
99 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 883 Sportster 883 Low sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 75 Nm at 3500 rpm. This two-wheeler has been designed for those riders with a smaller inseam and arm length, or for those who simply wand a laid-back and comfortable riding position from their cruiser. 


Standard features include a new, dual-shock rear suspension, new front fork springs and damper tubes, new foot pegs with feelers, new gauges with odometer clock, low fuel warning light and two trip set odometers, and a new stand design.", 
100 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 883 Sportster Action Shot sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. 


Standard features include a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine, a standard Electronic Sequential Port Fuel Injection (ESPFI), new gauges with odometer clock, a low-fuel warning light and two trip set odometers, a new lighter clutch effort, a low-rise handlebar, a classic, solo seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system and mid-mount foot controls.", 
101 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 883R Sportster 883R sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. Unlike its 883, sibling, this machine has been fitted with several features that increase its performance, but also make it look the part, such as the high-end braking system with dual front discs, the new gauges with odometer clock, low fuel warning light and two trip set odometers, a new, lighter clutch effort, the black finish on the low-rise handlebar, the air cleaner cover, the fork sliders and the headlamp eyebrow and springs, plus the black, 13-spoked, cast-aluminium wheels.", 
102 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster 883 Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 75 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. 


Standard features include a redesigned clutch lever, with less effort, new gauges with an odometer clock, a low fuel warning light and two trip set odometers, a 4.5-gallon fuel tank, a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a chrome, pullback handlebar riser, a chrome, laced-steel, 21" front wheel, a silver, solid-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, forward-mounted foot controls, and an one-piece, two-up seat.", 
103 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200R Sportster 1200 Roadster sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. Standard features include a new, black, powder-coat finish in the engine, a new, lighter clutch lever, a classic, 3.3-gallon fuel tank with new graphic, new gauges, high-performance cams, a high-end braking system with dual front disc brakes, a high-mount tachometer, mid-mounted foot controls, silver, 13-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels and a wide, polished handlebar.", 
104 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm.

The highlights for this model are the black, powder-coat finish to the engine with chrome treatment, a 4.5-gallon fuel tank, high-compression, high-flow cylinder heads, high-performance cams, a chrome, laced-steel, 21" front wheel, a chrome, slotted-disc, cast-aluminium rear wheel, forward-mounted foot controls, a chrome, pull-back, handlebar riser plus a chrome bullet headlight.", 
105 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200L Sportster 1200 Low has, at its heart, 1200cc, Evolution V-twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. In addition, it comes standard with a lighter clutch lever, a new gauge with odometer clock, a low fuel warning light and two trip set odometers, an integrated chrome gauge housing and handlebar clamp, a two-up seat, a 4.5-gallon fuel tank, black, 13-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, mid-mounted foot controls and a wide pullback handlebar.", 
106 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, a rubber-mounted, four-stroke, air-cooled, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.


Also, it has been fitted by the American engineers with a sliver, powder-coat finish on its engine and engine covers, a new rear axle and a stiffer swingarm, a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, a chromed pull-back handlebar and chromed rider, a laced, 21" front wheel coupled to a solid disc wheel in the rear, an one-piece, two-up seat, and forward-mounted foot controls.", 
107 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 883L Sportster has standard fittings such as a wide, polished handlebar, a low, solo seat, new fuel tank graphics, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, mid-mounted foot controls, a classic fuel tank, a lowered suspension system, both in the front and in the rear and a silver powder-coat finish on its engine and its engine covers.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 68 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.", 
108 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom boasts a maximum power output of 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Standard fittings for this machine include forward-mounted foot controls, wide handlebars, an analogue instrument cluster, an one-piece, two-up seat, a chromed, small headlight, adjustable shock aborbers as a rear suspension, a laced, 21" wheel in the front and a solid disc wheel in the rear, front and rear disc brakes and a blacked-out, steel frame.", 
109 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 883 has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 69 Nm at 4300 rpm. In addition, it comes standard with a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine, a new, smoother and quieter transmission, a new, lighter clutch effort, a new side-stand design, a low-rise handlebar, a classic solo seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, mid-mounted foot controls and a classic, 3.3-gallon fuel tank.", 
110 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 883L Sportster 883 Low sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, that reaches its peak torque of 69 Nm at 4300 rpm. It comes standard with a silver, powder-coat finish in the engine, a new, smoother and quieter transmission, a new lighter clutch effort, silver, 13-spoked cast-aluminium wheels, a wide, polished handlebar, a lowered suspension package, a low, solo seat, special fuel tank graphics, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust and mid-mounted foot controls.", 
111 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster 883C Custom comes standard with a new, lighter clutch effort, a new, smoother and quieter transmission, a silver, powder-coat finish on its engine, silver, 13-spoke cast-aluminium wheels, a wide, polished handlebar, a lowered suspension package, a low, solo seat, special fuel tank graphics, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, mid-mounted foot controls and a classic, 3.3-gallon fuel tank.


In the tech/engine department, it sports an air-cooled, 883cc Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 69 Nm of torque at 4300 rpm.", 
112 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 883R Sportster 883R sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach a peak torque of 69 Nm at 4300 rpm. It has been designed as a more gritty and performance-oriented machine, and comes standard with a black, powder-coat finish on the engine, a new side-stand design, a new, lighter clutch effort, a new, smoother and quieter transmission, black handlebars, air cleaner cover, fork sliders, a headlamp eyebrow and springs, an one-piece, two-up seat, dual front disc brakes, a low-rise handlebar, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, mid-mounted foot controls and a race-inspired tank graphic.", 
113 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster 1200 Custom sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 107 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. Standard features include high-performance cams, high-compression, high-flow cylinder heads, a black, powder-coat finish on the engine, a new, smoother, quieter transmission, a new, lighter clutch effort, a large, 21", laved-steel front wheel, a chrome, slotted-disc, rear wheel, forward-mounted foot controls, a chrome, pullback handlebar riser, a chrome bullet headlight and a classic, 4.5-gallon fuel tank.", 
114 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200R Sportster 1200 Roadster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. 


Standard features include a wide, polished handlebar, 13-spoke aluminium wheels, mid-mounted foot controls, a tachometer, a dual disc front braking system, high-performance cams, high-compression, high-flow cylinder heads, a new side-stand design, a new, lighter clutch effort, a new, smoother and quieter transmission and a new, black, powder-coat finish on the engine, plus wrinkle-black covers.", 
115 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200L Sportster 1200 Low has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc Evolution V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. The highlights for this model are the black, 13-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a 4.5-gallon fuel tank, mid-mounted foot controls, a pulled-back, polished handlebar, a lowered suspension package, high-performance cams, plus a black, powder-coat finish on the engine.", 
116 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom has features such as a chromed, single-sided, shorty exhaust system with dual mufflers, a laced front wheel with a solid disc rear wheel, a dual seat, a raked-out front end, forward-mounted foot controls, analogue instrumentation dials, wide handlebars, a blacked-out, steel frame and dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension.


In addition, it boasts a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.", 
117 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson XL 883L Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 68 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.


Also, it comes with features such as a wide, polished handlebar, a low, solo seat, new fuel tank graphics, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, mid-mounted foot controls, a classic fuel tank, a lowered suspension system, both in the front and in the rear and a silver powder-coat finish on its engine and its engine covers.", 
118 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom comes with features such as forward-mounted foot controls, wide handlebars, an analogue instrument cluster, an one-piece, two-up seat, a chromed, small headlight, adjustable shock aborbers as a rear suspension, a laced, 21" wheel in the front and a solid disc wheel in the rear, front and rear disc brakes and a blacked-out, steel frame.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque.", 
119 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster 1200 Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, XL Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. Unlike its previous embodiment, it boasts a new, 1" rear axle, and a stiffer swingarm. Other features include a black, powder-coat finish on the engine, chrome engine covers, a laced, 21" front wheel, a slotted-disc, chrome, 16" rear wheel, forward-mounted foot controls, plus a chrome pull-back handlebar riser and a chrome bullet headlight.", 
120 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200R Sportster 1200 Roadster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, XL Evolution V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 107 Nm at 3500 rpm. Standard features include wide, polished handlebars, a classic, 3.3-gallon fuel tank, 13-spoke aluminium wheels, mid-mounted foot controls, a dual front disc brakes, high-compression and high-flow cylinder heads, high-performance cams, a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine plus black, powder-coated cylinders and heads.", 
121 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster 883 Custom is one of the most agile cruisers from House Milwaukee, and mainly addresses riders who want a fast machine for busy city traffic, which can also tackle longer, weekend strolls through the countryside or on twisting mountain roads. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 69 Nm of torque at 4300 rpm. 


The highlights for this model are the chrome, staggered shorty dual exhaust and pull-back handlebar riser, a large, 21", laved-steel front wheel, a disc, 16" rear wheel, an one-piece, two-up seat, forward-mounted foot controls, a 4.5-gallon fuel tank, plus a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine.", 
122 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson XL 883 Sportster 883 sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant that can reach a peak torque of 69 Nm at 4300 rpm, and is paired to a five-speed manual transmission. Standard features include a new, 1" rear axle, a stiffer swingarm, a low-rise handlebar, a classic, solo seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, mid-mounted foot controls, a classic, peanut-shaped fuel tank, plus a silver, powder-coat finish on its engine.", 
123 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson XL Sportster 883L has been specifically designed to accommodate riders with a smaller inseam and arm-length, thanks to the low, 26" solo seat height, which has also been positioned further forward, a new, pulled-back and wider handlebars, a lowered and re-tuned suspension package to accommodate the changes, and a more rider-friendly side-stand. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 69 Nm of torque at 4300 rpm. In all other departments, it has the same features as its Sportster 883 sibling.", 
124 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson XL883R Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 69 Nm of torque at 4300 rpm. Unlike the base Sportster 883, the R-suffixed model offers superior performance, thanks to the dual front brake discs, the wider, dirt-track inspired handlebars and a re-tuned engine. Other features include a race-checkered graphic scheme on the fuel tank, silver, 13-spoked wheels, a two-up seat, passenger foot pegs, a staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, and a classic, 3.3-gallon fuel tank.", 
125 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-cooled, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.


It also comes equipped with a chromed, single-sided, shorty exhaust system with dual mufflers, a laced front wheel with a solid disc rear wheel, a dual seat, a raked-out front end, forward-mounted foot controls, analogue instrumentation dials, wide handlebars, a blacked-out, steel frame and dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension.", 
126 "Thw 2004 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque.


In addition, it has been fitted with forward-mounted foot controls, wide handlebars, an analogue instrument cluster, an one-piece, two-up seat, a chromed, small headlight, adjustable shock aborbers as a rear suspension, a laced, 21" wheel in the front and a solid disc wheel in the rear, front and rear disc brakes and a blacked-out, steel frame.", 
127 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson XL Sportster 883 has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 69 Nm of torque at 4300 rpm. The highlights for this model are the lighter clutch lever, a silver, powder-coat finish to its engine, the polished engine covers, a low-rise handlebar, a classic, solo seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, mid-mounted foot controls, plus a classic, 3.3-gallon fuel tank.", 
128 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson XL Sportster 883 Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 69 Nm of torque at 4300 rpm. It comes standard with a silver, powder-coat finish on its engine, a tall, chrome, pull-back riser, a laced-steel, 21" front wheel and a slotted-disc rear wheel, an one-piece, two-up seat, forward-mounted foot controls, a lighter clutch lever, plus new graphic schemes to choose from.", 
129 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 107 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. The highlights for this model are the forward-mounted foot controls, an one-piece, two-up seat, a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine and engine covers, a large, 21", laced-steel front wheel coupled to a slotted-disc, 16" rear one, a tall, chromed, pull-back riser and a dual shock rear suspension.", 
130 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200R Sportster 1200 Roadster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 107 Nm at 3500 rpm. 


This minimalist cruiser comes standard with a dual shock rear suspension, dual front disc brakes, a wide, polished handlebar, a chrome headlight visor, a staggered, shorty, chrome dual exhaust system, a redesigned fuel tank, plus new choices in the paint scheme department.", 
131 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom comes with fittings such as a chromed, single-sided, shorty exhaust system with dual mufflers, a laced front wheel with a solid disc rear wheel, a dual seat, a raked-out front end, forward-mounted foot controls, analogue instrumentation dials, wide handlebars, a blacked-out, steel frame and dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.", 
132 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom is a powerful cruiser that boasts a comfortable, laid-back riding position and and a raked-out front end, sure to fit the taste of American machines. It comes with a chromed, staggered, shorty exhaust system with dual mufflers, wide handlebars, an analogue instrument cluster, a laced front wheel coupled to a solid disc rear wheel, a small, round headlight, chromed engine covers, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension and a one-piece, two-up seat. 


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, that can reach a maximum power output of 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque.", 
133 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson XL Sportster 883R has, at its heart, an air-cooled 883cc, Evolution V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 66 Nm of torque at 4500 rpm. This is an agile yet performance-oriented machine, and comes standard with a curved chrome 2-1-2 exhaust system, dual front disc brakes, a new seat specifically designed for this model, wide, dirt-track inspired handlebars, a black powder-coated powertrain, satin black component finishes, and a racing orange paint and race style graphics. ", 
134 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson XL Sportster 883 Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach its peak torque of 66 Nm at 4500 rpm. The highlights for this model are the silver, powder-coat finish on the engine and engine covers, a tall, chromed riser with a drag-style handlebar, a chrome bullet headlight, a laced front wheel, a disc rear wheel, an one-piece, low-profile, two-up seat, forward-mounted foot controls, and low-profile rear shocks.", 
135 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 883 is the base 883 model, and comes with a wide variety of accessories for riders who want a more personal touch on their agile cruiser. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant that produces 66 Nm of torque at 4500 rpm, and is paired to a five-speed manual transmission.


The key standard features on this machine are the narrow, loop frame, the twin, coil-over vertical rear shocks, a low-rise handlebar, a classic solo seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, mid-mounted foot controls and a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine plus polished engine covers.", 
136 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 883 Hugger has been developed especially for riders with a smaller inseam an arm-length, as well as for those who want a more laid-back riding position. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin engine paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 66 Nm of torque at 4500 rpm. 


The most notable features for this model are the buckhorn handlebars, the mid-mounted foot controls, the short stroke front forks and rear shocks, the low profile solo seat, and the silver, powder-coated engine finish with polished covers.", 
137 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 1200 has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 92 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. It comes standard with mid-mounted foot controls, buckhorn handlebars, an instrumentation panel with a speedometer and tachometer, a two-piece, two-up seat and a silver and black powder-coat finish on its engine plus polished engine covers.", 
138 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 97 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. It comes standard with a laced front wheel, a chrome, slotted-disc rear wheel, forward-mounted foot controls, a tall, chromed riser with a drag-style handlebar, a chrome bullet headlight, an one-piece, custom two-up seat and low-profile rear shocks.", 
139 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200S Sportster 1200 Sport is a more performance-oriented machine, designed by House Milwaukee for the more adventurous among its fans. In the tech/engine department, it sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 98 Nm of torque at 4000 rpm. 


It comes standard with features such as the high-performance cams, the high-compression, dual-spark plug cylinder heads, dual front disc brakes, a premium, fully adjustable sport suspension, sport compound tires, a textures sport seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a low-rise stainless steel handlebar, and a black, powder-coat engine and engine-covers finish.", 
140 "If you're on the market for an agile cruiser, with a leaned-back riding position, and a raked-out front end, then the 2002 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom may be the right choice for you. It has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.


Standard features include a longer front end, forward-mounted foot controls, drag-style handlebars, a sporty two-up seat, self-canceling turn signals, a solid disc rear wheel coupled to a laced 21" wheel in the front, a chromed speedometer and a chromed, single-sided, shorty exhaust system with dual mufflers. ", 
141 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom boasts a maximum power output of 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


In addition, it has been fitted with a chromed, staggered, shorty exhaust system with dual mufflers, wide handlebars, an analogue instrument cluster, a laced front wheel coupled to a solid disc rear wheel, a small, round headlight, chromed engine covers, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension and a one-piece, two-up seat. ", 
142 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson XL Sportster 883R has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 66 Nm of torque at 4600 rpm. This performance-oriented machine comes standard with a dual shock rear suspension, race-inspired graphics on the fuel tank, a wide, dirt-track inspired handlebar, dual front disc brakes, a curved chrome 2-1 exhaust system, plus satin black finishes on various components.", 
143 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson XL Sportster 883 Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 66 Nm of torque at 4600 rpm. The key features for this machine would be the tall, chromed riser, a drag-style handlebar, a chrome bullet headlight, a laced front wheel, a disc rear wheel, an one-piece, low-profile, two-up seat, forward-mounted foot controls, low-profile rear shocks and a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine and the engine covers.", 
144 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 883 sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin engine that can reach its peak torque of 66 Nm at 4600 rpm, and is paired to a five-speed manual transmission. It comes standard with a narrow, loop frame, a low-rise handlebar, twin, coil-over, vertical rear shocks, a classic solo seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, mid-mounted foot controls and a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine plus polished engine covers.", 
145 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 883 Hugger has been specifically designed for riders with a smaller inseam and arm length, but is also suitable for riders who want a more laid-back and comfortable riding position. It sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 66 Nm of torque at 4600 rpm. 


Standard features include a silver, powder-coat finish in the engine, polished engine covers, short-stroke front forks and rear shocks, buckhorn handlebars, a low profile solo seat and mid-mounted foot controls.", 
146 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 88 Nm of torque at 3900 rpm. 


This powerful cruiser boasts standard features such as the laced, 21" front wheel, a chrome, slotted-disc rear wheel, forward-mounted foot controls, a tall, chromed riser with drag style handlebars, a chrome bullet headlight, an one-piece, custom two-up seat, low-profile rear shocks, and a black, powder-coat finish on its engine plus chrome engine covers.", 
147 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200S Sportster 1200 Sport has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 93 Nm of torque at 3000 rpm. 


Standard features include dual front disc brakes, a premium, fully-adjustable sport suspension, sport compound tires, a black, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a low-rise, stainless steel handlebar, high-performance cams, plus high-compression, dual-spark plug cylinder heads.", 
148 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 1200 has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 88 Nm of torque at 3900 rpm. 


Standard features for this machine include mid-mounted foot controls, buckhorn handlebars, a speedometer and tachometer on the instrumentation panel, a two-piece, two-up, pillow-look seat plus a silver and black, powder-coat finish in the engine and polished engine covers.", 
149 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 883 has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque. The key features for this machine are the twin, coil-over, vertical rear shocks, a low-rise handlebar, a classic solo seat, a chrome, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, mid-mounted foot controls, a narrow, loop frame and a silver, powder-coat finish on the engine, with polished engine covers.", 
150 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 883 Hugger is the House Milwaukee solution for riders on the market for a fast and agile cruiser, but also want a machine that can easily accommodate a smaller inseam and arm-length. It sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque. 


Standard features include mid-mounted foot controls, a low-profile, solo seat, buckhorn handlebars, short stroke front forks and rear shocks, and a silver, powder-coat finish on its engine plus polished covers. ", 
151 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson XL Sportster 883 Custom sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque. 


The key features for the 883 Custom are the forward-mounted foot controls, the tall, chromed riser, the drag-style handlebar, the chrome bullet headlight, the laced front wheel, the disc rear wheel, an one-piece, low-profile, two-up seat, the low-profile rear shocks, plus the silver, powder-coat finish on the engine and engine covers.", 
152 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 1200 has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 61 horsepower and 88 Nm of torque. Standard features include mid-mounted foot controls, buckhorn handlebars, a speedometer and tachometer, a two-piece, two-up pillow-look seat, plus a silver, powder-coat finish on its engine with polished covers. ", 
153 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 61 horsepower and 88 Nm of torque. This machine's key features are the laced front wheel, the chrome, slotted-disc, rear wheel, the forward-mounted foot controls, a tall, chrome riser, a drag-style handlebar, a chrome bullet headlight, an one-piece, custom two-up seat, low-profile rear shocks, plus a black, powder-coat finish on its engine and chrome engine covers.", 
154 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200S Sportster 1200 Sport has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission that produces 61 horsepower and 88 Nm of torque. 


It comes standard with dual front disc brakes, a textured, sport seat, a black, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a low-rise, stainless steel handlebar, sport compound tires, a premium, fully-adjustable sport suspension, high-performance cams, high-compression, dual-spark plug cylinder heads, plus a black, powder-coat finish in the engine and polished, powder-coated engine covers.", 
155 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom is addressed to riders who want a fuel-efficient and agile cruiser, but also want a custom design. It comes with a longer front end, forward-mounted foot controls, new drag-style handlebars, a sporty two-up seat, self-canceling turn signals, a solid disc rear wheel coupled to a laced 21" wheel in the front, a chromed speedometer and a chromed, single-sided, shorty exhaust system. 


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.", 
156 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom comes with features such as a chromed, staggered, shorty exhaust system with dual mufflers, wide handlebars, an analogue instrument cluster, a laced front wheel coupled to a solid disc rear wheel, a small, round headlight, chromed engine covers, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension and a one-piece, two-up seat. 


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, that could produce a claimed 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque.", 
157 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 883 sports an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 50 horsepower and 65 Nm of torque. It comes standard with a classic solo seat, a low-rise handlebar, a shorty, dual exhaust system, laced wheels, dual rear shocks, an amber-lit electronic speedometer and a silver finish on its engine. ", 
158 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 883 Hugger boasts one of the lowest seat heights in the House Milwaukee line-up and is especially addressed to riders with a smaller inseam and arm-length. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission  and produces 50 horsepower and 65 Nm of torque. The standard features on this machine worth mentioning are the laced wheels, a low, solo seat, 4-piston brake calipers in the front and in the rear, plus a new sealed wheel bearings and a new sealed battery.", 
159 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson XL Sportster 883 Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 50 horsepower and 65 Nm of torque. Key features include drag-style handlebars, forward-mounted foot controls, a chrome speedometer, a chromed bullet headlight, a low, two-up seat, plus a 21" laced front wheel and a solid disc, 16" rear wheel.  

", 
160 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson XLH Sportster 1200 has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, XL Evolution V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 61 horsepower and 88 Nm of torque. This machine is suitable for riders who want a more personal touch on their cruiser, thanks to the wide variety of accessories and optional features it can be equipped with. In addition, it comes standard with pull-back, buckhorn handlebars, a narrow, 3.3-gallon fuel tank, a tachometer and speedometer on the handlebars, plus new, 4-piston brake calipers in the front and in the rear braking system.", 
161 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom sports an air-cooled, 1200cc, XL Evolution V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission that produces a claimed 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque. It comes standard with a large, 19", laced front wheel, a solid-disc rear wheel, a new clossoinee on the fuel tank, an aircraft-style fuel cap, a two-up seat, a dual, staggered shorty exhaust system plus a silver, powder-coat finish on its engine.

", 
162 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200S Sportster 1200 Sport has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1200cc, XL Evolution V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 61 horsepower and 88 Nm of torque. It has received upgrades, as opposed to its previous embodiment, such as the new, Black Satin ceramic coating on the exhaust system, fully-adjustable front forks, fully-adjustable gas reservoir shocks in the rear, dual front disc brakes and sport compound performance tires.", 
163 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom boasts a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin engine, that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Standard fittings also include longer forks, which make for a longer front end, forward-mounted foot controls, new drag-style handlebars, a sporty two-up seat, self-canceling turn signals, a solid disc rear wheel coupled to a laced 21" wheel in the front, a chromed speedometer and a chromed, single-sided, shorty exhaust system. ", 
164 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and could produce a claimed 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque.


Also, it comes with features such as a chromed, staggered, shorty exhaust system with dual mufflers, wide handlebars, an analogue instrument cluster, a laced front wheel coupled to a solid disc rear wheel, a small, round headlight, chromed engine covers, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension and a one-piece, two-up seat. ", 
165 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson XL 883 Sportster has been fitted with features such as laced wheels, a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a solo seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, forward-mounted foot controls, drag-style handlebars, and a chrome, bullet headlight.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.", 
166 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom comes equipped with a longer forks, which make for a longer front end, forward-mounted foot controls, new drag-style handlebars, a sporty two-up seat, self-canceling turn signals, a solid disc rear wheel coupled to a laced 21" wheel in the front, a chromed speedometer and a chromed, single-sided, shorty exhaust system.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and could produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.", 
167 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster has, at its heart a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin engine, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, that can produce a claimed 50 horsepower and 94 Nm of torque.


Also, it has features such as a small, round headlight, a blacked-out, steel frame, an one-piece, two-up seat, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, coupled to a front telescopic fork, laced wheels, a chromed, staggered, single-sided exhaust system with dual mufflers, an analogue instrument cluster and chromed engine covers.", 
168 "The American engineers from House Milwaukee have created the 1999 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom for those riders who want a laid-back and comfortable riding position. It has features such as cast-aluminium wheels, a low, one-piece, dual seat, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a blacked-out, steel frame, an analogue instrument cluster, a chromed, staggered, single-sided shorty exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and a small, chromed headlight.


In addition, it can produce a claimed 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque from its four-stroke, air-cooled, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.", 
169 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson XL 883 Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 883cc, Evolution V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque. It comes with a large, 21", laced front wheel, a rear disc wheel, a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust system, drag-style handlebars, a chromed speedometer, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a two-up seat, forward-mounted foot controls and a longer front end.", 
170 "The 1998 MY Harley Davidson XL 883C Sportster Custom is the latest addition to the Sportster family. It has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.


Unlike the base 883 Sportster, this machine has been equipped with longer forks, which make for a longer front end, forward-mounted foot controls, new drag-style handlebars, a sporty two-up seat, self-canceling turn signals, a solid disc rear wheel coupled to a laced 21" wheel in the front, a chromed speedometer and a chromed, single-sided, shorty exhaust system.", 
171 "The 1998 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster has standard equipment such as a small, round headlight, a blacked-out, steel frame, an one-piece, two-up seat, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, coupled to a front telescopic fork, laced wheels, a chromed, staggered, single-sided exhaust system with dual mufflers, an analogue instrument cluster and chromed engine covers.


In addition, it boasts a maximum power output of 50 horsepower and 94 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.", 
172 "The 1998 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom boats a maximum power output of 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Also, it comes with fittings such as cast-aluminium wheels, a low, one-piece, dual seat, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a blacked-out, steel frame, an analogue instrument cluster, a chromed, staggered, single-sided shorty exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and a small, chromed headlight.", 
173 "The 1997 Harley Davidson XL 883 Sportster comes with an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque. It mainly addresses riders who want a more agile machine, and comes standard with laced wheels, a chromed, staggered, shorty dual exhaust, a solo seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, forward-mounted foot controls, drag-style handlebars, and a chrome, bullet headlight.", 
174 "The 1997 MY Harley Davidson XL 883 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.


Standard features include front and rear disc brakes with four-piston calipers, laced wheels, a dual seat, a small, round headlight, wide handlebars, a side-stand, a blacked-out, steel frame, a front telescopic fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers in the rear and an analogue instrument cluster.", 
175 "The 1997 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster is one of the most versatile cruisers from House Milwaukee, able to accommodate a wide variety of rider inseams and arm lengths. It can produce a claimed 50 horsepower and 84 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.


Also, it has fittings such as a small, round headlight, a blacked-out, steel frame, an one-piece, two-up seat, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, coupled to a front telescopic fork, laced wheels, a chromed, staggered, single-sided exhaust system with dual mufflers, an analogue instrument cluster and chromed engine covers.", 
176 "The 1997 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom has been fitted with cast-aluminium wheels, a low, one-piece, dual seat, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a blacked-out, steel frame, an analogue instrument cluster, a chromed, staggered, single-sided shorty exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and a small, chromed headlight.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque.", 
177 "The 1996 MY Harley Davidson  XL 1200C Sportster Custom sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and produces 59 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque. Lots of chrome embellishments, a dual seat, a silver and chrome engine finish, a blacked-out frame, a solid disc rear wheel, a laced front one, dual shocks as a rear suspension and a telescopic fork in the front all come as standard on this machine.", 
178 "The 1996 Harley Davidson XL 1200S Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission that produces a claimed 59 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque. It comes standard with a high-end, Showa suspension package, composed of a telescopic fork in the front and dual shocks in the rear, and a race-derived Brembo braking system, which make it one of the most agile machines in the House Milwaukee line-up.", 
179 "The 1996 MY Harley Davidson Sportster 883 boasts a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque from its four-stroke, air-cooled, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


Also, it comes with features such as front and rear disc brakes with four-piston calipers, laced wheels, a dual seat, a small, round headlight, wide handlebars, a side-stand, a blacked-out, steel frame, a front telescopic fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers in the rear and an analogue instrument cluster.", 
180 "The 1996 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster boasts a maximum power output of 50 horsepower and 84 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.


In addition, it comes with a small, round headlight, a blacked-out, steel frame, an one-piece, two-up seat, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, coupled to a front telescopic fork, laced wheels, a chromed, staggered, single-sided exhaust system with dual mufflers, an analogue instrument cluster and chromed engine covers.", 
181 "The 1996 MY Harley Davidson XL 1200C Sportster Custom has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1199cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 58 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque.


Standard features include cast-aluminium wheels, a low, one-piece, dual seat, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, a blacked-out, steel frame, an analogue instrument cluster, a chromed, staggered, single-sided shorty exhaust system, front and rear disc brakes and a small, chromed headlight.", 
182 "The American engineers from Harley Davidson have created the 1995 MY XLH 883 Sportster for those riders who prefer a more agile and fuel-efficient machine, but also want the trademark styling that all MoCo machines boast. It has fittings such as front and rear disc brakes with four-piston calipers, laced wheels, a dual seat, a small, round headlight, wide handlebars, a side-stand, a blacked-out, steel frame, a front telescopic fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers in the rear and an analogue instrument cluster.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.", 
183 "The 1995 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster has been fitted with a small, round headlight, a blacked-out, steel frame, an one-piece, two-up seat, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, coupled to a front telescopic fork, laced wheels, a chromed, staggered, single-sided exhaust system with dual mufflers, an analogue instrument cluster and chromed engine covers.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive and can reach a maximum power output of 50 horsepower and 84 Nm of torque.", 
184 "The 1994 MY Harley Davidson XLH 883 Sportster boasts a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


In addition, it comes with features such as front and rear disc brakes with four-piston calipers, laced wheels, a dual seat, a small, round headlight, wide handlebars, a side-stand, a blacked-out, steel frame, a front telescopic fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers in the rear and an analogue instrument cluster.", 
185 "The 1994 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 50 horsepower and 84 Nm of torque.


Standard features include a small, round headlight, a blacked-out, steel frame, an one-piece, two-up seat, dual adjustable shock absorbers as a rear suspension, coupled to a front telescopic fork, laced wheels, a chromed, staggered, single-sided exhaust system with dual mufflers, an analogue instrument cluster and chromed engine covers.", 
186 "The 1993 MY Harley Davidson XLH 883 Sportster has been fitted with front and rear disc brakes with four-piston calipers, laced wheels, a dual seat, a small, round headlight, wide handlebars, a side-stand, a blacked-out, steel frame, a front telescopic fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers in the rear and an analogue instrument cluster.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.", 
187 "If you're on the market for a versatile machine, yet without losing the trademark looks all MoCo machines boast, then the 1993 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster may be the right choice for you. It has features such as laced wheels, an one-piece, dual seat, beach-style handlebars, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual adjustable shocks in the rear, a chromed, staggered, dual exhaust system, analogue instrumentation dials, a blacked-out, steel frame, a small, round headlight, and a disc braking system both in the front and in the rear.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and could reach a maximum power output of 50 horsepower and 84 Nm of torque.", 
188 "The 1992 MY Harley Davidson XLH 883 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque.


Standard features for this machine include front and rear disc brakes with four-piston calipers, laced wheels, a dual seat, a small, round headlight, wide handlebars, a side-stand, a blacked-out, steel frame, a front telescopic fork coupled to dual adjustable shock absorbers in the rear and an analogue instrument cluster.", 
189 "The 1992 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster boasts a maximum power output of 50 horsepower and 84 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin engine that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.


Also, it has been fitted with laced wheels, an one-piece, dual seat, beach-style handlebars, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual adjustable shocks in the rear, a chromed, staggered, dual exhaust system, analogue instrumentation dials, a blacked-out, steel frame, a small, round headlight, and a disc braking system both in the front and in the rear.", 
190 "The 1991 MY Harley Davidson XLH 883 Sportster boasts standard fittings such as laced wheels, a single seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a Showa telescopic front fork, a disc-based braking system both in the front and in the rear, analogue instrumentation dials, a small front fender, a small, round headlight, chromed engine covers and a blacked-out, steel frame.


In addition, it can produce a claimed 53 horsepower and 67 Nm of torque from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.", 
191 "The 1991 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster has standard fittings such as laced wheels, an one-piece, dual seat, beach-style handlebars, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual adjustable shocks in the rear, a chromed, staggered, dual exhaust system, analogue instrumentation dials, a blacked-out, steel frame, a small, round headlight, and a disc braking system both in the front and in the rear.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can produce a claimed 50 horsepower and 84 Nm of torque.", 
192 "The 1990 MY Harley Davidson XLH 883 Sportster has, at its heart, a four-stroke, air-cooled, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can produce a claimed 40 horsepower and 62 Nm of torque.


Standard features include laced wheels, a single seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a Showa telescopic front fork, a disc-based braking system both in the front and in the rear, analogue instrumentation dials, a small front fender, a small, round headlight, chromed engine covers and a blacked-out, steel frame.", 
193 "The 1990 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1200 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and could reach a maximum power output of 50 horsepower and 84 Nm of torque.


Also, it comes with features such as laced wheels, an one-piece, dual seat, beach-style handlebars, a telescopic front fork coupled to dual adjustable shocks in the rear, a chromed, staggered, dual exhaust system, analogue instrumentation dials, a blacked-out, steel frame, a small, round headlight, and a disc braking system both in the front and in the rear.", 
194 "The 1989 MY Harley Davidson XLH 883 Sportster boasts a maximum power output of 40 horsepower and 62 Nm of torque from its four-stroke, air-cooled, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.


In addition, it has been fitted with laced wheels, a single seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a Showa telescopic front fork, a disc-based braking system both in the front and in the rear, analogue instrumentation dials, a small front fender, a small, round headlight, chromed engine covers and a blacked-out, steel frame.", 
195 "The 1992 MY Harley Davidson has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1202cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse mated to a five-speed manual transmission and produces 50 horsepower and 84 Nm of torque. It comes standard with a dual seat, laced wheels, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a telescopic front fork, a chrome, staggered, dual shorty exhaust and ape-hanger handlebars.", 
196 "The 1988 MY Harley Davidson XLH 883 Sportster comes with features such as laced wheels, a single seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a Showa telescopic front fork, a disc-based braking system both in the front and in the rear, analogue instrumentation dials, a small front fender, a small, round headlight, chromed engine covers and a blacked-out, steel frame.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 40 horsepower and 62 Nm of torque.", 
197 "The 1986 Harley Davidson XLH 883 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse paired to a four-speed manual transmission, and can produce 40 horsepower and 85 Nm of torque. This machine is addressed for MoCo fans who prefer a more nimble and fuel-efficient machine, without sacrificing any of the trademark Harley Davidson characteristics. Standard features include laced wheels, a single seat, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a Showa telescopic front fork and a disc-based braking system.", 
198 "The 1986 Harley Davidson XLH 1100 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1101cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse mated to a four-speed manual transmission and can produce 62 horsepower and 87 Nm of torque. 


The highlights for this model are the 9-spoke, cast wheels, a chromed, staggered, dual short exhaust system, a dual seat, dual rear shocks, a telescopic front fork, buckhorn handlebars, an instrument panel with a speedometer and tachometer, plus forward-mounted foot controls.", 
199 "The 1985 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1000 Sportster is suitable for those riders who want a typical American cruiser. It has been fitted with a chromed, staggered, dual shorty exhaust system, an one-piece, two-up seat, laced wheels, a 35mm Showa telescopic fork, dual adjustable Showa shock absorbers as a rear suspension, front and rear disc brakes, a blacked-out, steel frame, analogue instrumentation dials, beach handlebars and a small, round headlight.


Also it boasts a maximum power output of 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm from its four-stroke, air-cooled, 997cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse that was mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.", 
200 "The 1983 Harley Davidson XR 1000 has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 998cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse mated to a four-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 70 horsepower and 65 Nm of torque. It comes standard with dual shocks as a rear suspension, a dual seat, a telescopic front fork, mid-mounted foot controls, and a fork-mounted tachometer and speedometer.", 
201 "The 1984 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1000 Sportster has, at its heart, a four-stroke, air-cooled, 997cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm.


The American engineers from House Milwaukee have also fitted it with a chromed, staggered, dual shorty exhaust system, an one-piece, two-up seat, laced wheels, a 35mm Showa telescopic fork, dual adjustable Showa shock absorbers as a rear suspension, front and rear disc brakes, a blacked-out, steel frame, analogue instrumentation dials, beach handlebars and a small, round headlight.", 
202 "If you're on the market for a powerful cruiser, that also boasts a low seat height, and trademark American looks, then the 1983 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1000 Sportster may be the right choice for you. It comes with a chromed, staggered, dual shorty exhaust system, an one-piece, two-up seat, laced wheels, a 35mm Showa telescopic fork, dual adjustable Showa shock absorbers as a rear suspension, front and rear disc brakes, a blacked-out, steel frame, analogue instrumentation dials, beach handlebars and a small, round headlight.


It is also powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 997cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, that can produce a claimed 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm.", 
203 "The 1982 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1000 Sportster boasts a maximum power output of 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 997cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive.


Also, it comes with a chromed, staggered, dual shorty exhaust system, an one-piece, two-up seat, laced wheels, a 35mm Showa telescopic fork, dual adjustable Showa shock absorbers as a rear suspension, front and rear disc brakes, a blacked-out, steel frame, analogue instrumentation dials, beach handlebars and a small, round headlight.", 
204 "The 1981 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1000 Sportster comes with features such as a chromed, staggered, dual shorty exhaust system, an one-piece, two-up seat, laced wheels, a 35mm Showa telescopic fork, dual adjustable Showa shock absorbers as a rear suspension, front and rear disc brakes, a blacked-out, steel frame, analogue instrumentation dials, beach handlebars and a small, round headlight.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 997cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, mated to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, that can produce a claimed 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm.", 
205 "The 1980 MY Harley Davidson XLH 1000 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 997cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a four-speed manual transmission with a chain final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm. 


Standard features include a chromed, staggered, dual shorty exhaust system, an one-piece, two-up seat, laced wheels, a 35mm Showa telescopic fork, dual adjustable Showa shock absorbers as a rear suspension, front and rear disc brakes, a blacked-out, steel frame, analogue instrumentation dials, beach handlebars and a small, round headlight.", 
206 "The 1978 Harley Davidson XLH 1000 Sportster comes standard with laced wheels, a rear suspension composed of dual shocks, for a more comfortable ride for both the rider and the passenger, a chrome exhaust system, a two-up seat, a telescopic fork in the front and mid-mounted foot controls. 


In the tech/engine department, it sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 997cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse paired to a four-speed manual transmission, and can produce 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm.", 
207 "The 1978 Harley Davidson XLH 1000 Sportster 75th Anniversary has been released to commemorate 75 years of uninterrupted production of House Milwaukee machines. Unlike the base Sportster, this machine features a gold trim on its wheels, a gold graphic scheme, plus a leather dual seat, which are sure to make it stand out in any crowd.


At its heart lies an air-cooled, four-stroke, 997cc, 45° V-Twin powerplant paired to a four-speed manual transmission, and has a power output of 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm.", 
208 "The 1978 Harley Davidson XLH 1000 Sportster Hugger has been designed specifically for riders with a smaller inseam and arm length, but can just as well fit the taste of larger riders who simply prefer a more laid-back riding position. Besides a low seat height, this machine also comes with laced wheels, dual front disc brakes, a single disc in the rear, a suspension package composed of a telescopic fork in the front and dual shocks in the rear, a dual seat, and mid-mounted controls.


In the engine department, it sports an air-cooled, four-stroke, 997cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse mated to a four-speed manual transmission and produces a claimed 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm.", 
209 "The 1976 Harley Davidson XLCH 1000 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 997cc, 45° V-Twin powerplant paired to a four-speed manual transmission and produces 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm. It comes standard with laced wheels, a dual seat, a telescopic front fork, mid-mounted foot controls, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a front disc brake, for improved safety and performance, and a wet clutch for smoother gear changes.", 
210 "The 1973 Harley Davidson XLCH 1000 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 997cc, 45° V-Twin engine mated to a four-speed manual transmission and produces 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm. The key features for this liter-class machine are the dual shocks in the rear, a telescopic fork in the front, the front disc brake, for a shorter stopping distance, the laced wheels and the 15-liter fuel tank.", 
211 "The 1972 Harley Davidson XLCH 1000 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 45° V-Twin powerhouse mated to a four-speed manual transmission and produces a claimed 55 horsepower at 5800 rpm. It comes standard with laced wheels, a hydraulic, telescopic front fork, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a drum braking system and a 15-liter fuel tank. Also, it's liter-engine is more than enough to propel it's 231kg muscular body either down the highway at high speeds or for boulevard strolls.", 
212 "The 1969 Harley Davidson XLCH 900 Sportster comes with an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45° V-Twin powerplant paired to a four-speed manual transmission, and can produce a claimed 60 horsepower at 6800 rpm. It comes standard with a telescopic front fork, dual shocks as a rear suspension, a drum braking system, a dual seat, mid-mounted foot controls and laced wheels.", 
213 "The 1968 MY Harley Davidson XLCH 900 Sportster has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 883cc, 45° V-Twin powerhouse paired to a four-speed manual transmission, and can produce 60 horsepower at 6800 rpm. This machine boasts standard features such as dual shocks as a rear suspension, a front telescopic fork, mid-mounted controls, laced wheels, plus a drum braking system.", 
