1 "The 2017 Glide Ultra model is everything you love about the Harley-Davidson touring tradition, only more. You get every feature and improvement applied to our three-wheel frame design. You also get the confidence of front to rear linked brakes. It all adds up to better miles and more comfort than a vibrating motel room mattress. ", 
2 "The Road Glide Special with a air-cooled, 1,745 cc, single-cam, V-twin engine. Fuel injection makes for effortless cold starts and smooth power delivery. The motor is undersquare, with a cylinder bore and stroke of 100 x 111 mm, (the stroke, or length, of the cylinder is greater than its bore, or width).", 
3 "For riders who want a luxurious, comfortable and yet, powerful touring machine, the House of Milwaukee has launched the 2016 MY Harley Davidson Road Glide Special. It comes with an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, High Output Twin Cam 103 powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission, and can produce 138 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. 


It comes with the Project Rushmore trim, which ensure a higher level of comfort and performance, a redesigned Dual Daymaker Reflector LED headlamp, ergonomically designed hand controls, Reflex Linked brakes with <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> as standard, a Boom! box 6.5GT Radio with an USB port for iPod/iPhone, a 6.5" full touch screen display, and dual 5.25" front speakers.", 
4 "The 2016 MY Harley Davidson Road Glide Ultra is one of the most luxurious and fully-equipped touring machine from the House of Milwaukee, and even from the market. At its heart lies a Twin-cooled, four-stroke, 1690cc, High Output Twin Cam 103 powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission, and can produce 138 Nm of torque  at 3750 rpm. 


It is the new addition to the MoCo 2016 line-up, and addresses riders who want the very best in terms of comfort on their touring cruiser. It comes with a standard trunk with integrated pillion backrest, lumbar support for the rider, full rider floorboards, hard, lockable saddlebags, engine and saddlebag protection bars, and a fairing with a touch screen display and front speakers. ", 
5 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Road Glide sports a dependable, 1690cc, air-cooled, High Output Twin Cam 103 powerhouse that produces a gut-churning 138 Nm of torque. It features the project Rushmore trim which has several specially-designed enhancements aimed to improve rider comfort, load-carrying capacity, handling and safety while behind the bars of this cruiser. 


Aesthetically, it features the House Milwaukee trademark hand-finished paint and graphic schemes, plus the tank, fender and engine steel badges the MoCo proudly display on all of its finely-crafted machines.


The model is available only for US costumers. ", 
6 "The 2015 MY Harley Davidson Road Glide Special is a tourer that follows the MoCo recipe, with "project Rushmore" styling and improvements but, at the same time, keeping a minimalist note, being equipped with all the accessories a touring machine should have in a low, sleek design that can never go unnoticed. Features such as Boom Box 6.5 GT radio, 6.5" dull color touch screen display, and speakers are all fitted in a fork-mounted fairing, while standard technologies, such as cruise control and <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span> make the time spent in the saddle more pleasant and less fatiguing.


In the engine department, the Road Glide Special sports an air-cooled, High Output Twin Cam 103, 1690cc powerplant that boasts 138 Nm of torque. Add to this a 5.6l/100 km fuel consumption and a big, 23 liter fuel tank and you get unparalleled coverage, making the Road Glide Special an excellent long-haul machine, also. ", 
7 "The 2013 Harley Davidson Road Glide Custom features the dependable, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerplant that boasts 135 Nm at 3250 rpm, and the same state-of-the-art technologies as the its Road Glide siblings, but with a lower riding position and a much wider variety of accessories and customization options to choose from, to bring this series two-wheeler to a custom, one-of-a-kind motorcycle, without the hefty price tag. 


It comes with hard saddlebags and the trademark, "shark nose" fork-mounted fairing as standard, which offer generous space and protect the rider from the elements. Also, the one-piece, two-up seat and the two-speaker audio system with CD/MP3 mean that across-country long hauls just got a lot more fun. 

", 
8 "The American engineers from Harley Davidson have took the base Road Glide, and significantly increased rider and pillion comfort, as well as its touring capabilities and load-carrying capacity, in the embodiment of the 2013 MY Road Glide Ultra. This is achieved with the addition of a trunk with an integrated pillion backrest, a bigger windscreen, plus previously optional technologies such as the <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span>, the H-D Smart security system and electronic cruise control. 


At its heart, it has the proven air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerplant mated to a manual, six-speed Cruise Drive transmission, which boasts an asphalt-wrinkling 135 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. ", 
9 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson FLTRX Road Glide Custom is a cross between a touring machine and a trademark MoCo cruiser, suitable for those riders who want a more unique look on their long-haul oriented machine. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 V-twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with Cruise Drive, and can produce 135 Nm of torque. 


Standard features include a classic, hand-finished fuel tank, a custom rear taillight and fascia, a large, 18" front wheel, a frame-mounted, shark-nose fairing, hard saddlebags, a high-end audio system, an air-adjustable rear monoshock, a Brembo braking system, a wide set handlebar, a two-up seat and full-length foot boards.", 
10 "The 2012 MY Harley Davidson Road Glide Ultra sports an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology and can produce 135 Nm of torque at 3250 rpm. 


It comes standard with a hand-finished, classic fuel tank, a custom rear taillight and fascia, a fork-mounted, shark-nose fairing, a large, 17" front wheel, cruise control, a high-end audio system, <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span>, the H-D Smart Security System, vented fairing lowers, a wide set handlebar, a Brembo braking system and an air-adjustable rear monoshock suspension.", 
11 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FLTRU Road Glide Ultra sports an air-cooled, 1690cc, Twin Cam 103 V-twin paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 138 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This touring machine addresses MoCo fans that want a higher level of comfort, as well as asphalt-wrinkling capabilities out of their machine. 


It comes standard with a black, powder-coated powertrain with chrome covers, a chrome 2-1-2 dual exhaust with tapered mufflers, black, 28-spoked cast aluminium wheels, mid-frame air deflectors, a chrome, low-profile fuel tank console, a deep FL front fender, a classic touring handlebar, a passenger backrest with wrap-around armrests, saddlebags, and a clean rear fender with low mount licence plate and LED illumination.", 
12 "The 2011 MY Harley Davidson FLTRX Road Glide Custom sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerplant paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 126 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This menacing machine is ready to tackle, either highway, fast strolling, or cross-country trips during vacations. 


It comes standard with a new custom floorboard, a revised seat for added comfort and improved ground reach, a large, 18" front wheel, a 2-into-1 exhaust with a single chromed muffler, a stylized headlamp shroud, blacked-out, slotted-disc, cast aluminium wheels, a frame-mounted fairing, plus a tri-line LED rear fender tip light.", 
13 "The 2010 MY Harley Davidson Road Glide Custom FLTRX sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 engine mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. Unlike its previous embodiment, this model boasts a new, 18" front wheel with a lower profile tire, a new, 2-into-1 exhaust and a single chrome muffler, a new red LED stop/turn/tail lights with chrome bracket, a new stylized headlamp shroud, a new, smoked, short wind deflector and a new helical cut 5th gear. 


Also, this machine comes standard with full-length ruder foot boards, height-adjustable passenger footboards, a 6-gallon fuel tank, a Brembo braking system with dual front discs, a stainless steel, easy-reach handlebar, a lowered rear suspension, hard, lockable saddlebags and a high-end audio system inside the fork-mounted fairing. ", 
14 "The 2009 MY Harley Davidson FLTR Road Glide sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-twin powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive technology, and can produce 125 Nm at 3500 rpm. 


It comes standard with a new 2-1-2 exhaust system, new, 28-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, new Dunlop tires, a new licence plate location with LED illumination, a new fairing, tank and saddlebags, a clean front fender, a two-up seat, electronic cruise control, and a Brembo braking system with dual front discs.", 
15 "The 2008 MY Harley Davidson FLTR Road Glide sports an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 powerhouse mated to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. This machine comes with improvements, such as the black, powder-coat finish with chrome treatment on the engine, a Brembo braking system with dual front discs, a 6-gallon fuel tank, an Electronic Throttle Control (ETC), an Isolated Drive System, improved battery access, a shorter antenna, black, nine-spoke, cast-aluminium wheels, and can be fitted with optional <span class="txtglos" data-url="https://www.autoevolution.com/auto-glossary/a.html#ge-antilock-braking-system" title="ABS - click for definition">ABS</span>.", 
16 "The 2007 MY Harley Davidson FLTR Road Glide comes standard with a redesigned, football-shaped air cleaner, silver gauges, wheels and calipers, electronic cruise control, dual front disc brakes, a sleek, custom saddle, hard, lockable saddlebags, an air-adjustable rear suspension, Triple Circuit Damping (TCD) front forks, a fork-mounted fairing with a cockpit-style instrumentation and an advanced audio system, plus a slashing, broad-stripe graphic scheme.


In the tech/engine department, it boasts an air-cooled, 1584cc, Twin Cam 96 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a six-speed manual transmission with a Cruise Drive system, and can produce 125 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm.", 
17 "The 2006 MY Harley Davidson FLTRI Road Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 powerplant paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 117 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. It comes standard with electronic cruise control, dual front disc brakes, slash-cut mufflers, new, pinstripe, foot-board inserts, a new, low-effort clutch, a frame-mounted, aerodynamic fairing, silver gauges, wheels and calipers. a custom bucket saddle plus lockable, GTX nylon alloy saddlebags. ", 
18 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FLHTC Road Glide Classic has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin mated to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach its peak torque of 117 Nm at 3500 rpm. It comes standard with a fork-mounted fairing, hard saddlebags, a rear trunk with integrated passenger backrest, an advanced audio system with standard CD, big floor boards, a comfort-stitch saddle, an air-adjustable rear suspension, dual front disc brakes, plus a full instrumentation panel. ", 
19 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FLHT Road Glide Standard has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can reach a peak torque of 117 Nm at 3500 rpm. The most notable features for this machine are the air-adjustable rear suspension, dual front disc brakes, hard, lockable saddlebags, a fork-mounted, bat-wing fairing with a speedometer and tachometer, rider floor boards, a full coverage and clean front fender, plus lots of chrome embellishments. ", 
20 "The 2005 MY Harley Davidson FLTRI Road Glide sports an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 powerhouse that produces 117 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm, and is paired to a five-speed manual transmission. It comes standard with a frame-mounted, shark-nose fairing with cockpit-style instrumentation, twin headlights and a swept-back windshield, slash-cut mufflers, hard, lockable saddlebags, cruise control, an advanced audio system, silver and chrome engine accents plus lots of chrome embellishments.", 
21 "The 2004 MY Harley Davidson FLTRI Road Glide is a touring machine that combines trademark MoCo styling with modern features that enhance performance, offer a greater level of rider and passenger comfort, and enable it to tackle longer hauls. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach its peak torque of 117 Nm at 3500 rpm. 


The highlights for this model are the shark-nose fairing that houses a full instrumentation panel and an advanced audio system, a clean rear fender, a bullet rear turn signal, slash-cut mufflers, a wide rear tire, a sculpted seat, a new tank console emblem, a silver-faced gauge package and new silver brake calipers.", 
22 "The 2003 MY Harley Davidson FLTR Road Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce 117 Nm of torque at 3500 rpm. The key features for this model are the fork-mounted, bat-wing fairing, a plush seat with a passenger backrest, a full instrumentation panel, an advanced audio system, dual front disc brakes and an air-adjustable, rear touring suspension.", 
23 "The 2002 MY Harley Davidson FLTR/FLTRI Road Glide is a touring machine, designed by House Milwaukee to fit the needs of the more nostalgic riders, as well as those who prefer comfort and ease-of-use above anything else. At its heart lies an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin engine mated to a five-speed manual transmission and can reach its peak torque of 117 Nm at 3500 rpm. 


The key features for this two-wheeler would be the frame-mounted, aerodynamic fairing, a sleek, custom saddle, the fiberglass, lockable saddlebags, a full, cockpit-style, instrumentation panel, an advanced audio system, electronic cruise control, dual front disc brakes and an air-adjustable, rear touring suspension.", 
24 "The 2001 MY Harley Davidson FLTR/FLTRI Road Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerhouse paired to a five-speed manual transmission and can produce a claimed 67 horsepower and 110 Nm of torque. 


It comes standard with a frame-mounted, aerodynamic fairing, a sleek, custom saddle, fiberglass saddlebags, a full, cockpit-style instrumentation, an advanced audio system, electronic cruise control, dual front disc brakes, an air-adjustable touring suspension and a black and chrome finish on its vibration-isolated engine.", 
25 "The 2000 MY Harley Davidson FLTR/FLTRI Road Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, 1450cc, Twin Cam 88 V-Twin powerplant mated to a five-speed manual transmission that produces 67 horsepower and 107 Nm of torque. It comes standard with new, hollow-spoke, cast-aluminium, allot wheels, an embossed seat and pillion, an advanced audio system, an air-adjustable rear suspension, a new, electronic speedometer, a frame-mounted, shark-nose fairing, and a chrome/wrinkle black engine finish.", 
26 "The 1999 MY Harley Davidson FLTR Road Glide is suitable for riders who want to spend as much time as possible in the saddle, but also prefer a classic cruiser look for their machine. It comes with hard, leather, lockable saddlebags, a detachable windscreen, a dual seat, laced wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, chrome-plating on the engine covers, forks and exhaust system, plus a tank-mounted speedometer.


In the engine department it is powered by a four-stroke, air-cooled, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant, paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, that can produce a claimed 64 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
27 "The 1998 MY Harley Davidson FLTR Road Glide boasts a maximum power output of 64 horsepower at 5000 rpm from its air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerhouse, that was mated to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive.


In addition, it has been fitted with hard, leather, lockable saddlebags, a detachable windscreen, a dual seat, laced wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, chrome-plating on the engine covers, forks and exhaust system, plus a tank-mounted speedometer.", 
28 "The 1997 MY Harley Davidson FLTR Road Glide comes with features such as hard, leather, lockable saddlebags, a detachable windscreen, a dual seat, laced wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, chrome-plating on the engine covers, forks and exhaust system, plus a tank-mounted speedometer.


In the engine department it is powered by an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45-degree V-Twin powerplant that was paired to a five-speed manual transmission with a belt final drive, and can reach a maximum power output of 64 horsepower at 5000 rpm.", 
29 "The 1995 Harley Davidson FLTR Road Glide has, at its heart, an air-cooled, four-stroke, 1337cc, 45° V-Twin engine paired to a five-speed manual transmission, and can produce 65 horsepower at 5000 rpm. This touring machine from House Milwaukee is suitable for those riders who want to add a more personal touch on their two-wheeler, thanks to the wide variety of accessories and optional features. 


The key standard features for this motorcycle are the hard, leather, lockable saddlebags, a detachable windscreen, a dual seat, laced wheels with whitewall tires mounted on them, chrome-plating on the engine covers, forks and exhaust system, plus a tank-mounted speedometer.", 
